how was the best of album out in the fields : the very best of gary moore sold sold on shelves	out in the fields : the very best of gary moore
the canadian electronic musical duo , delerium , has a style of music that could best be described as what ?	delerium
what kind of release is art blakey ! ! ! ! ! jazz messengers ! ! ! ! ! ?	art blakey ! ! ! ! ! jazz messengers ! ! ! ! !
what is the original language of the written work `` flashing swords ! 3 : warriors and wizards '' ?	flashing swords ! 3 : warriors and wizards
who is the artist that released ready , steady - gone ( the final tour ) 2 dec 82	ready , steady - gone ( the final tour ) 2 dec 82
who is the composer of licence to kill by john barry , michael kamen , and anthony newley ?	licence to kill
what is a song from where ya hood at , part 3 ( mixed by dj clue ) album	where ya hood at , part 3 ( mixed by dj clue )
what was a piece of legislation passed in the 1750s by the house of commons of the united kingdom	house of commons of the united kingdom
this artist was a composer for the song a little party never killed nobody ( all we got )	a little party never killed nobody ( all we got )
what is the game play mode of the video game dragon ball z : indainaru dragon ball densetsu ?	dragon ball z : indainaru dragon ball densetsu
what is a track list on the release the essential earth , wind & fire ( disc 2 )	the essential earth , wind & fire ( disc 2 )
who is the artist of the recording i do n't wan na be a soldier ( remix ) ?	i do n't wan na be a soldier ( remix )
what types of music is used in ana gabriel : en la plaza de toros , mexico in netflix	ana gabriel : en la plaza de toros , mexico
what is a song in the album pop , songs & death , volume 1 : the lightning ep	pop , songs & death , volume 1 : the lightning ep
who is the artist for the recording symphony no. 7 in a major , op. 92 : ii. allegretto	symphony no. 7 in a major , op. 92 : ii. allegretto
what is the name of the book that has an edition titled across the river and into the trees	across the river and into the trees
what is the country of origin of the show tok ! tok ! tok ! isang milyon pasok !	tok ! tok ! tok ! isang milyon pasok !
what subject is the main component of the book java 2 and javascript for c and c++ programmers	java 2 and javascript for c and c++ programmers
what is the name of the track by harry connick , jr. that is named after a holiday	harry connick , jr.
is the story of the u.s. army : the yanks are coming a war film or a romance	the story of the u.s. army : the yanks are coming
what is the name of a tennessee town that is located in north american central time zone ?	central time zone
what was the release type of ai n't nobody home ! : the very best of b.b. king	ai n't nobody home ! : the very best of b.b. king
what type of format was a bit of what you fancy / bitter sweet & twisted released as	a bit of what you fancy / bitter sweet & twisted
who is the artist of the album the mikado ( 1973 d ’ oyly carte cast ) ?	the mikado
who is the artist that recorded the album child of the universe ( the essential collection ) ?	child of the universe ( the essential collection )
knights of the temple : infernal crusade would best be described as this genre of video game .	knights of the temple : infernal crusade
what is the country of origin for the film voices of concord jazz : live at montreux ?	voices of concord jazz : live at montreux
who is the artist on the album this is tommy dorsey & his orchestra , vol. 1 ?	this is tommy dorsey & his orchestra , vol. 1
what hand held console was the lord of the rings : the fellowship of the ring released on	the lord of the rings : the fellowship of the ring
who is the artist that performed on the album sample and hold : attack decay sustain release ?	sample and hold : attack decay sustain release
what format was the rock 'n ' roll era : weird , wild & wacky released on ?	the rock 'n ' roll era : weird , wild & wacky
from which tv show series does the the one with five steaks and an eggplant episode belong to	the one with five steaks and an eggplant
what format was 2-tone : a look at ska retro 80 's , volume 3 released in ?	2-tone : a look at ska retro 80 's , volume 3
whats the original game of the version the lord of the rings : the fellowship of the ring	the lord of the rings : the fellowship of the ring
what genre would best describe the album `` the best of sam cooke '' by sam cooke ?	the best of sam cooke
what is the album content type of vh1 : the big 80 's , the big movies ?	vh1 : the big 80 's , the big movies
who is the artist that made the album midnite jazz & blues : the voice of jazz	midnite jazz & blues : the voice of jazz
what is the track list off the release stella polaris 2007 : 3rd time 's a charm	stella polaris 2007 : 3rd time 's a charm
what is a gameplay mode that can be found on bomberman touch 2 : volcano party ?	bomberman touch 2 : volcano party
what is a track from jan & dean : all the hits ( disc 1 ) ?	all the hits ( disc 1 )
what type of rock is the album `` no snow , no show '' for the eskimo	`` no snow , no show '' for the eskimo
which tracks were produced by the artist enoch light - terry snyder and the all stars ?	enoch light - terry snyder and the all stars
who is the author of how to make $ 100,000 a year gambling for a living ?	how to make $ 100,000 a year gambling for a living
what is the genre from the film scotty moore & friends : a tribute to the king	scotty moore & friends : a tribute to the king
what is the topic of the title maria callas : living and dying for art and love	maria callas : living and dying for art and love
the sinking of the bismarck is a written work in what timeframe after the post-classical era ?	the sinking of the bismarck
what is the name of a film that vidyasagar ( music director ) contributed to music to	vidyasagar
what is a song on the album sex and the city : music from and inspired by	sex and the city : music from and inspired by
what is the netflix genre of the netflix title marc anthony : concert from madison square garden	marc anthony : concert from madison square garden
what is the name of a location in torrance county , new mexico , united states ?	united states
in what language is the composition `` you must have been a beautiful baby '' in ?	you must have been a beautiful baby
what track can be found in the release learn to let it go ( the demos )	learn to let it go ( the demos )
what kind of artwork is depicted in the interior of the church of st. bavo at haarlem	interior of the church of st. bavo at haarlem
what is a song from hier komt de storm : 1980-1990 live ( disc 1 ) ?	hier komt de storm : 1980-1990 live
whats the original name of the book version a christmas carol ( ladybird children 's classics )	a christmas carol ( ladybird children 's classics )
vision of disorder is a hardcore/metalcore band from long island that records music from what genre ?	vision of disorder
what alternative rock band from chicago is the author of of the blue colour of the sky	of the blue colour of the sky
what is the original language of bat-manga ! : the secret history of batman in japan ?	bat-manga ! : the secret history of batman in japan
what is the name of an episode from the tv series buffy the vampire slayer season 7	buffy the vampire slayer season 7
what type of release was the album kontor : top of the clubs , volume 15 ?	kontor : top of the clubs , volume 15
what language is candide : act i. auto da fé ( what a day ) written in	candide : act i. auto da fé ( what a day )
who did the music for the film the land before time viii : the big freeze ?	the land before time viii : the big freeze
who is the artist on the album bootin ' : the best of the rpm years ?	bootin ' : the best of the rpm years
what 's one broad subject that death , art , and memory in medieval england talks about	death , art , and memory in medieval england
what is the physical medium of the release t.h.c. / rough justice / organics / robots ?	t.h.c. / rough justice / organics / robots
what is the country of origin for the film hanzo the razor : sword of justice ?	hanzo the razor : sword of justice
which part of the united states was affected by the 1821 norfolk and long island hurricane ?	1821 norfolk and long island hurricane
what is the subject of the book big house , little house , back house , barn	big house , little house , back house , barn
what television show is the episode the limo ( how i met your mother ) from ?	the limo
which team was the away team in the denver broncos at san diego chargers , 2009-10-19 game	denver broncos at san diego chargers , 2009-10-19
what is the country of origin of the tv show , the tenant of wildfell hall ?	the tenant of wildfell hall
what is a song from the album the rock 'n ' roll era : teen idols ii	the rock 'n ' roll era : teen idols ii
what is the name of a character that is in the play rosencrantz and guildenstern are dead	rosencrantz and guildenstern are dead
this 2009 short animation film was directed by sidharth meskeri , hormaz barai and balmeet kohli .	animation
what is the genre of music from the album mutantes e seus cometas no país do baurets	mutantes e seus cometas no país do baurets
was zen cd : a ninja tune retrospective formatted on a compact disc or a cassette tape	zen cd : a ninja tune retrospective
what is the binding of rogue squadron ( star wars : x-wing series , book 1 )	rogue squadron ( star wars : x-wing series , book 1 )
which genre is the album the aquabats ! vs. the floating eye of death ! from ?	the aquabats ! vs. the floating eye of death !
what is the subject of the book `` the collected writings of john maynard keynes '' ?	the collected writings of john maynard keynes
since the film guilty was shot with no audio , it is what kind of film ?	guilty
what 's the first episode of the fifth season of deja vu ( the outer limits )	deja vu
what is the main subject in the written piece titled be careful what you wish for ...	be careful what you wish for ...
what is the release type of the album sitti in the mix : the dense modesto remixes	sitti in the mix : the dense modesto remixes
which language is the composition in years defaced : 5. at a lunar eclipse written in ?	in years defaced : 5. at a lunar eclipse
is happy days : a new musical ( 2007 original cast ) a soundtrack or compilation album	happy days : a new musical ( 2007 original cast )
what is the name of a film that is apart of the thriller ( genre ) ?	thriller
who is the artist of the song symphony no. 1 : ii. adagio molto ( sostenuto )	symphony no. 1 : ii. adagio molto ( sostenuto )
what is a track of the the best country album in the world ... ever ! album	the best country album in the world ... ever !
which genre of book is bin laden : the man who declared war on america ?	bin laden : the man who declared war on america
which genre does the book guardians of ga'hoole book 5 : the shattering belong to ?	guardians of ga'hoole book 5 : the shattering
what the name of the release that sweet home chicago ( backing track ) is from	sweet home chicago ( backing track )
on netflix , which categories does dragon ball z : the history of trunks fall into	dragon ball z : the history of trunks
what is a sexual fetish portrayed in the film inseminated by 2 black men 7 ?	inseminated by 2 black men 7
what is one of the gameplay modes in call of duty : black ops ii ?	call of duty : black ops ii
what is the format the the best of bond ... james bond is released in ?	the best of bond ... james bond
what is a subject in the piece red spy queen : a biography of elizabeth bentley	red spy queen : a biography of elizabeth bentley
what is the name of the artist for the album arjuna : into the another world	arjuna : into the another world
what type of album is 2009-07-30 : red rocks , morrison , co , usa ?	2009-07-30 : red rocks , morrison , co , usa
what type of film is michael ball : alone together : live at the donmar ?	michael ball : alone together : live at the donmar
what type of music is the film no doubt : live in the tragic kingdom ?	no doubt : live in the tragic kingdom
who is the artist from the recording titled adagio for strings ( ferry corsten remix )	adagio for strings ( ferry corsten remix )
which genome does the gene gap junction protein , alpha 8 , 50kda belong to ?	gap junction protein , alpha 8 , 50kda
what is the name of a song on notte prima degli esami ( disc 1 )	notte prima degli esami
what is a administrative district in seychelles that is located on the island of praslin ?	seychelles
what is the subject of the written work sudan , civil war and terrorism , 1956-99	sudan , civil war and terrorism , 1956-99
what types of music is used in in search of the english folk song in netflix	in search of the english folk song
what is the name of a track by deep dish that is named after californias capital	deep dish
what 's the name of the school that holds classes on the solano community college campus	solano community college
who is the artist from the album il maestro e margherita / per le antiche scale	il maestro e margherita / per le antiche scale
this soundtrack by tom waits , released in 1993 on island records , is called ?	soundtrack
what language is the film harry potter and the order of the phoenix spoken in ?	harry potter and the order of the phoenix
what is a track from the very best of : more songs to learn and sing	the very best of : more songs to learn and sing
what was the format of the release lilith fair : a celebration of women in music	lilith fair : a celebration of women in music
what is a track that features nicki minaj , on the christina aguilera album bionic ?	bionic
what are some names of tracks listed in the gold : 20 super hits release ?	gold : 20 super hits
who is the artist that created living : you should limit the number of times ...	living : you should limit the number of times ...
in which category on netflix can the title tigers in zhong shan mountain be found ?	tigers in zhong shan mountain
what is the album content type of forever more : the greatest hits of john tesh	forever more : the greatest hits of john tesh
what is the spoken language of the film the taking of pelham one two three ?	the taking of pelham one two three
what is the name of an episode from watch what happens : live - season 8	watch what happens : live - season 8
what country is the music release scrooge : the musical ( 1992 birmingham cast ) from	scrooge : the musical ( 1992 birmingham cast )
who is the american publisher of might and magic ii : gates to another world ?	might and magic ii : gates to another world
what type of computer videogame is marvel vs. capcom 2 : new age of heroes ?	marvel vs. capcom 2 : new age of heroes
what type of support is the artwork chateaubriand meditating on the ruins of rome done on	chateaubriand meditating on the ruins of rome
what is the name of a place that was founded by bon secours hospital , dublin	bon secours hospital , dublin
what is an episode featured in the series e ! true hollywood story - season 13	e ! true hollywood story - season 13
in what country did the film private penthouse movies : sex forever take place in ?	private penthouse movies : sex forever
what is the name of a film that showed at 2011 anima mundi film festival ?	2011 anima mundi
what was the binding of the book the genocidal healer ( a sector general novel )	the genocidal healer ( a sector general novel )
what language is cellabration : a tribute to ella jenkins : live ! filmed in ?	cellabration : a tribute to ella jenkins : live !
whats a featured film location for the film i 'm dancing as fast as i can	i 'm dancing as fast as i can
what is the genre of the movie do n't raise the bridge , lower the river	do n't raise the bridge , lower the river
what type of music is does the album slade alive ! – the live anthology exemplify	slade alive ! – the live anthology
what is the original language of the written work `` the geography of nowhere '' ?	the geography of nowhere
what was one of the episode titles for wwe friday night smackdown ! - season 9	wwe friday night smackdown ! - season 9
what language is spoken in the film the hidden epidemic : heart disease in america ?	the hidden epidemic : heart disease in america
who is the recording artist of enso kai : live at the budokan. tokyo 1983 ?	enso kai : live at the budokan. tokyo 1983
what type of album content is sheryl crow and friends : live from central park ?	sheryl crow and friends : live from central park
what is the name of a book edition published that was authored by george eliot ?	george eliot
what is the fifth studio album from japanese rock music duo , boom boom satellites ?	rock music
magic springs and crystal falls , located in arkansas , falls in what time zone ?	magic springs and crystal falls
what type of album is from the hut , to the projects , to the mansion	from the hut , to the projects , to the mansion
what form of music was i just threw out the love of my dreams created as	i just threw out the love of my dreams
what 's a song featured on time `` lve '' lee : it 's all good	time `` lve '' lee : it 's all good
what type of music is the album destination : love : live ! at cold rice	destination : love : live ! at cold rice
who was the film art direction by in the movie charlie chan at the wax museum	charlie chan at the wax museum
shanley high school 's students need to pay so it 's what type of school ?	shanley high school
what is the subject of the star wars episode iii : revenge of the sith ?	star wars episode iii : revenge of the sith
what is the name of a city located in charles mix county , south dakota ?	charles mix county
what is the netflix genre of the film pistol : the birth of a legend ?	pistol : the birth of a legend
what kind of fabric is used in haystacks at the end of summer , morning effect	haystacks at the end of summer , morning effect
what is the name of the player whose hockey position is winger ( ice hockey )	winger
what is the content type of am i evil ? : the diamond head anthology ?	am i evil ? : the diamond head anthology
what is the name of a track on the release step up to the microphone ?	step up to the microphone
what netflix genre does the title jane monheit : taking a chance on love belong to	jane monheit : taking a chance on love
what type of release was much too young ( to feel this damn old ) ?	much too young ( to feel this damn old )
what film genre is `` the fuse : or how i burned simon bolivar '' ?	the fuse : or how i burned simon bolivar
in what media was the painting road in the dunes with a passenger coach done ?	road in the dunes with a passenger coach
what kind of binding does the second book of moses , called exodus come in ?	the second book of moses , called exodus
what is the album content type of around the world ( disc 1 ) ?	around the world ( disc 1 )
what gameplay options are available for the game growlanser iv : wayfarer of the time	growlanser iv : wayfarer of the time
what type of music release is the complete miles davis at montreux : 1973-1991 ?	the complete miles davis at montreux : 1973-1991
what is the name of the crater on the moon named for georg ohm ?	georg ohm
what is the color of the drug smart sense nicotine mint 2 chewing gum ?	smart sense nicotine mint 2 chewing gum
pride and prejudice ( oneworld classics ) is an edited version of what publication ?	pride and prejudice ( oneworld classics )
what is a film that was played at the 1980 berlin international film festival ?	1980 berlin international film festival
what city on the west coast is the place of birth of richard a. jones	richard a. jones
what is the binding type of the book the republic ( penguin classics ) ?	the republic ( penguin classics )
what genre of literature is the book red ribbon on a white horse in ?	red ribbon on a white horse
what is the name of the recording from the track you get what you give	you get what you give
what kind of format is dance floor party 2010 , volume 2 released in ?	dance floor party 2010 , volume 2
what kind of music is the oscar peterson plays the jerome kern songbook album ?	oscar peterson plays the jerome kern songbook
what is the form of application of castor oil and balsam , peru 87/788 ointment	castor oil and balsam , peru 87/788 ointment
what is the name of the record label for the damned ( band ) ?	the damned
what format was the longest day : music from the classic war films released in	the longest day : music from the classic war films
whats the name of a movie title thats classified as a hebrew language netflix genre	hebrew language
what is the genre of inning by inning : a portrait of a coach ?	inning by inning : a portrait of a coach
what format is `` hallelujah : songs of love , hope and inspiration '' ?	hallelujah : songs of love , hope and inspiration
in what language is the dialogue from the film four nights of a dreamer ?	four nights of a dreamer
what type of school of movement is august wilhelm von schlegel a part of ?	august wilhelm von schlegel
what kind of musical composition is music to crash your car to : vol. 1	music to crash your car to : vol. 1
what is the country of origin for the tv program the adventures of sinbad ?	the adventures of sinbad
whats the name of the artist who sang honey do n't ( take 4 )	honey do n't ( take 4 )
what is the name of a film that dimitri tiomkin was the music contributor for	dimitri tiomkin
what 's the best way to describe by brakhage : an anthology : vol. 2	by brakhage : an anthology : vol. 2
what is the type of release of drum & bass arena : andy c ?	drum & bass arena : andy c
who is the artist of the album the chronological classics : erroll garner 1944 ?	the chronological classics : erroll garner 1944
what is the name of a game version published by strategic simulations , inc .	strategic simulations
who wrote the lyrics for a little night music : you must meet my wife	a little night music : you must meet my wife
whats the name of the release that had the release track titled annie on it	annie
which midwestern city was featured in anthony bourdain : no reservations - season 5 ?	anthony bourdain : no reservations - season 5
what is the title of a track on the release shaming of the sun ?	shaming of the sun
is the collectable king crimson , volume 2 a studio album or a live album	the collectable king crimson , volume 2
who is a character in the comic book story if i should die ... !	if i should die ... !
what is the name of an event that took place in the atlantic ocean ?	atlantic ocean
what is the genre on netflix you could find the movie the haunting in ?	the haunting
what is the name of a film that is considered a thriller ( genre )	thriller
who is one of the members of the united states house committee on the judiciary	house committee on the judiciary
who was the producer of the theater production the life and adventures of nicholas nickleby	the life and adventures of nicholas nickleby
who is the artist of the album best of jazz - the swing era ?	best of jazz - the swing era
pierre stéphen was born in what city that is home to the eiffel tower ?	pierre stéphen
what is a song that can be found on james and the giant peach ?	james and the giant peach
who is the composer of the song turn on , tune in , cop out	turn on , tune in , cop out
who is the artist that wrote the 7 weeks : live in america 2003 album	7 weeks : live in america 2003
what type of album is ministry of sound : hard nrg : the anthems ?	ministry of sound : hard nrg : the anthems
who is the artist of the album 2009-07-03 : globen , stockholm , sweden ?	2009-07-03 : globen , stockholm , sweden
what is the name of a track on the release de pre historie 1974 ?	de pre historie 1974
what is the original language for the written work information services for corporate growth ?	information services for corporate growth
what is a film that could be found within the netflix genre family animation ?	family animation
what game player mode is doraemon : nobita to mittsu no seireiseki played in ?	doraemon : nobita to mittsu no seireiseki
music for adverts ( and short films ) was released in what sovereign state ?	music for adverts ( and short films )
what is an asteroid in the solar system named after the roman goddess of war	solar system
what is a song listed on the retrospective : the best of buffalo springfield album	retrospective : the best of buffalo springfield
what was one of the talking points in roll of thunder , hear my cry	roll of thunder , hear my cry
what is the name of an episode from the oprah winfrey show - season 24	the oprah winfrey show - season 24
what is the name of track on the release the best of dr. know ?	the best of dr. know
what film was arthur c. clarke in the credits for as the film story contributor	arthur c. clarke
which episode of revealed with jules asner - season 3 has brew barrymore in it	revealed with jules asner - season 3
in which topic gallery does the image palestinian family from ramallah , c. 1905 appear	palestinian family from ramallah , c. 1905
what was the release type of the album doctor who : terror of the zygons	doctor who : terror of the zygons
what is a film that was produced under the new line cinema production company ?	new line cinema
what is the subject that is addressed by the book las cartas privadas de jesus	las cartas privadas de jesus
who is an artist that released an album called the wayward sons of mother earth	the wayward sons of mother earth
what is a mountain found in the sierra nevada ( u.s. ) mountain range ?	sierra nevada
what is the name of the publisher for the book the complete tribune primer ?	the complete tribune primer
where in japan did 1999 fivb volleyball men 's world cup took place in ?	1999 fivb volleyball men 's world cup
the film the match king is not in color so it is in what ?	the match king
what wine county does 2005 dry creek vineyard `` old vine '' zinfandel come from	2005 dry creek vineyard `` old vine '' zinfandel
what is the country of origin of the film zero woman : assassin lovers ?	zero woman : assassin lovers
what kind of film is the book of kells : the work of angels ?	the book of kells : the work of angels ?
who was a pop singer that was signed to capitol records in the 40 's	capitol records
what format was 538 dance smash - hits of the year 2012 released on ?	538 dance smash - hits of the year 2012
what is a region that how to lose friends & alienate people was released in	how to lose friends & alienate people
what was the first release of the album children of a lesser god called ?	children of a lesser god
what is the country of origin of the show the new fred and barney show	the new fred and barney show
which texas city does volcano , i 'm still excited ! ! come from ?	volcano , i 'm still excited ! !
what is the type of release that judy garland - lost tracks 1929-1959 had ?	judy garland - lost tracks 1929-1959
what is the name of the album by the artist nitty gritty dirt band ?	nitty gritty dirt band
whats the name of a campus from the educational institution tited university of new haven	university of new haven
what kind of game is asterix & obelix xxl 2 : mission : las vegum	asterix & obelix xxl 2 : mission : las vegum
whats the title of a movie that is a history film about world war two	history
who was the writer for the song brother , can you spare a dime ?	brother , can you spare a dime ?
what is the gameplay mode of the elder scrolls v : skyrim – hearthfire ?	the elder scrolls v : skyrim – hearthfire
what was the country of origin for the film bedtime fairy tales for crocodiles ?	bedtime fairy tales for crocodiles
what is a song from the album beyond and back : the x anthology ?	beyond and back : the x anthology
what is the name of the track by the artist earth , wind & fire	earth , wind & fire
the film four friends is considered to be a part of which film genre ?	four friends
what is the release type of the album basher : the best of nick lowe	basher : the best of nick lowe
what taiwanese boy group was signed under sony music entertainment ( japan ) inc. ?	sony music entertainment ( japan ) inc.
what kind of film is eyewitness : the pacific war : the day of infamy	eyewitness : the pacific war : the day of infamy
which language is the composition yokohama sing a song ( opening version ) in ?	yokohama sing a song ( opening version )
what character is shown on the cover of tintin in the land of the soviets	tintin in the land of the soviets
what song is from the release living tomorrow today : a benefit for ty cambra	living tomorrow today : a benefit for ty cambra
what kind of music is on fade to grey : the best of visage ?	the best of visage
what type of music can be found on the album chapter one : latin america	chapter one : latin america
what is the genre of the film `` what ! no beer ? `` ?	what ! no beer ?
who is the developer of the game deja vu : a nightmare comes true ?	deja vu : a nightmare comes true
what artist recorded `` h.m.s. pinafore : oh joy ! oh rapture unforeseen '' ?	h.m.s. pinafore : oh joy ! oh rapture unforeseen
who is the creator of the musical composition make me bad / in between days	make me bad / in between days
the album , `` in towers and clouds '' is what type of music ?	in towers and clouds
what is the name of a game for which warthog games was the developer for	warthog games
what type of movie is slam from the street : vol. 1 : the original	slam from the street : vol. 1 : the original
what type of album is back to the future : the very best of jodeci	back to the future : the very best of jodeci
which genre is the book the unselfishness of god and how i discovered it under	the unselfishness of god and how i discovered it
what is the subject of lost prophet : the life and times of bayard rustin	lost prophet : the life and times of bayard rustin
whats the name of the episode that was part of the voltron force tv show	voltron force
an iron forge viewed from without is an example of what medium of art ?	an iron forge viewed from without
what is an edition of the black arrow : a tale of the two roses	the black arrow : a tale of the two roses
what is the name of a prison that is located in lompoc , california ?	lompoc , california
which member of the imperial japanese navy 's combined fleet was born in arita ?	arita
what is a hit from the album time capsule : songs for a future generation	time capsule : songs for a future generation
( back home again in ) indiana is the single version of what song ?	( back home again in ) indiana
who recorded a version of the song the happiest millionaire : are we dancing ?	the happiest millionaire : are we dancing ?
what is the language that the first men in the moon is filmed in ?	the first men in the moon
what is the content type for the album [ sol system ] : venus ?	[ sol system ] : venus
what genre of tv program is the looney tunes show : the lost motorcycle club	the looney tunes show : the lost motorcycle club
what is the genre of the film buffalo bill , hero of the far west	buffalo bill , hero of the far west
what is a track from houston hard hitters , volume 4 : skrewed & chopped	houston hard hitters , volume 4 : skrewed & chopped
who was the film production designer for the film i know who killed me	i know who killed me
what production company was involved in smokin ' aces 2 : assasins ' ball	smokin ' aces 2 : assasins ' ball
which type of film is the bitter tea of general yen released in ?	the bitter tea of general yen
what is the name of a cyclone that hit the area of campeche ?	campeche
what kind of pop music is the album flower festival : vision factory presents	flower festival : vision factory presents
in what form is the composition i wish i did n't love you so	i wish i did n't love you so
which genre does the title ancient evil : scream of the mummy fall under	ancient evil : scream of the mummy
what is a version of the single santa claus is coming to town ?	santa claus is coming to town
what is the geographic scope of the organization united food and commercial workers ?	united food and commercial workers
what is the format of the release hit history , volume 27 : 1981	hit history , volume 27 : 1981
what is the title of the netlix film in the genre of japan ?	japan
which movie did a time to love and a time to die direct ?	a time to love and a time to die
what country is fragments : the incomplete films of peter de rome from ?	fragments : the incomplete films of peter de rome
what is the language of the film home is where you find it ?	home is where you find it
what type of music is on the album greatest hits - history volume i	greatest hits - history volume i
what is the album content type of moanin ' and stompin ' blues ?	moanin ' and stompin ' blues
who was in charge of costume design in why change your wife ? ?	why change your wife ?
what type of album is a night at the village vanguard , volume 2	a night at the village vanguard , volume 2
who is the author and editor of mansfield park ( large print edition )	mansfield park ( large print edition )
who was the production company for the film rip ! : a remix manifesto	rip ! : a remix manifesto
the audio of tetsujin nijūhachi-gō : hakuchū no zangetsu is in this language .	tetsujin nijūhachi-gō : hakuchū no zangetsu
what is a russian actor known for his role in d'artagnan born in moscow	moscow
what is the genre of the book the nature of love , volume 3	the nature of love , volume 3
who is the composer of listen my children ( and you shall hear )	listen my children ( and you shall hear )
the periodical official playstation magazine ( ireland ) is written in which language ?	official playstation magazine ( ireland )
what is a track off of the album titled the power of love 2	the power of love 2
what format was snow : the get easy ! christmas collection released on ?	snow : the get easy ! christmas collection
what language is still kicking : the fabulous palm springs follies filmed in ?	still kicking : the fabulous palm springs follies
what was the profession of the main character in the book the fountainhead ?	the fountainhead
what is the name of an album that was released as an album ?	album
what is the king of kong : a fistful of quarters 's movie song	the king of kong : a fistful of quarters
what type of music is the album best of the beach boys vol. 3	best of the beach boys vol. 3
what type of album is the most happy fella ( original broadway cast )	the most happy fella ( original broadway cast )
what is a song of the the stranger : 30th anniversary legacy edition album	the stranger
what is the legal status of citric acid anhydrous and 13c urea 4/75 kit	citric acid anhydrous and 13c urea 4/75 kit
what type of album is quarantine the past : the best of pavement ?	quarantine the past : the best of pavement
what is the subject of the book the diary of a young girl ?	the diary of a young girl
what is a residential community in the northern coastal area of san diego california	california
who was the publisher for the book edition earthquake weather ( tor fantasy )	earthquake weather ( tor fantasy )
what is the genre of the book down and out in the magic kingdom	down and out in the magic kingdom
which artist released the album salzburg ( martha argerich , nelson freire ) ?	salzburg
what is the name of a track whose release was titled the singles 1977-1980	the singles 1977-1980
what genre of music is the album the president of the lsd golf club	the president of the lsd golf club
what is the country of origin that the darling buds of may came from	the darling buds of may
what is the release type of the album sons of satan gather for attack	sons of satan gather for attack
what format does il était une fois ennio morricone , volume 1 album have	il était une fois ennio morricone , volume 1
what is the name of an album that is apart of j-pop genre ?	j-pop
what is the name of the book about the ocean by julian stockwin ?	ocean
what kinds of movie is military history : aces of the iaf in netflix	military history : aces of the iaf
what is the genre of lucky starr and the pirates of the asteroids ?	lucky starr and the pirates of the asteroids
is the the case of the good-for-nothing girlfriend a mystery or a non-fiction book	the case of the good-for-nothing girlfriend
who wrote the lyrics for the song what is and what should never be	what is and what should never be
the brothers in arms : double time was a part of what game series	brothers in arms : double time
what was the content type for brubeck trio with cal tjader , volume 2	brubeck trio with cal tjader , volume 2
what genre is the film ... but film is my mistress on netflix ?	... but film is my mistress
what is the name of the studio album released by a brazilian band ?	studio album
what is the name of the county that north deland is located in ?	north deland
what country made the film heimat 3 : a chronicle of beginnings and endings	heimat 3 : a chronicle of beginnings and endings
the lsu lady tigers basketball team is a part of what athletics brand ?	lsu lady tigers basketball
what is the name of the publisher for the video game soldier blade ?	soldier blade
what kind of album is intégrale , volume 16 : `` festival 48 ''	intégrale , volume 16 : `` festival 48 ''
which song was baby ( stand up ) ( emmon remix ) recorded from	baby ( stand up ) ( emmon remix )
what is the subject of the book public intellectuals : a study of decline	public intellectuals : a study of decline
what philosopher of the early 6th century impacted the work of seneca the younger	seneca the younger
which region was spirits of the air , gremlins of the clouds released in	spirits of the air , gremlins of the clouds
what was the subject of the written work the dilemma of freedom and foreknowledge	the dilemma of freedom and foreknowledge
what track list is in the release the feel good record of the year	the feel good record of the year
queen victoria 's expired license means that is is now what kind of property	queen victoria
what is an album that was released as a single ( music ) ?	single
the chicago guide to communicating science is a book that focuses on what subject	the chicago guide to communicating science
what color is nortrel ( 21 day regimen ) 0.5/0.035 tablet made in ?	nortrel ( 21 day regimen ) 0.5/0.035 tablet
what type of release did the complete masterworks recordings , volume 7 have ?	the complete masterworks recordings , volume 7
what are some of the tracks found in the release absolute dance 4 ?	absolute dance 4
what is the name of the third summers brother in the marvel universe ?	marvel universe
what is the name of the album created by the swedish band the cardigans	the cardigans
who composed the music for the film the girl with the dragon tattoo ?	the girl with the dragon tattoo
who was the artist that put out the album lost highway : the concert	lost highway : the concert
what is one of the documentary film that can be found on netflix ?	documentary film
what is the subject of the film final shot : the hank gathers story	final shot : the hank gathers story
what artist has an album titled strength , power , will , passion ?	strength , power , will , passion
what kind of game is gekisou sentai carranger : zenkai ! racer senshi ?	gekisou sentai carranger : zenkai ! racer senshi
what county is bath ( berkeley springs ) , west virginia located in ?	bath ( berkeley springs )
the episode `` catch me if you can '' is from which show ?	catch me if you can
what format was notte prima degli esami ( disc 1 ) released in ?	notte prima degli esami
what type of album is the rest of the best of hot chocolate ?	the rest of the best of hot chocolate
what song is on the recording the tracks of my tears ( live )	the tracks of my tears ( live )
what musician released leave her to heaven / take care of my little girl	leave her to heaven / take care of my little girl
what type of album is let 's get it : thug motivation 101 ?	let 's get it : thug motivation 101
what is the name of one album released in 2011 under mercury records ?	mercury records
what is a song on live at the new york club : switzerland 1991	live at the new york club : switzerland 1991
what is the music genre of the album the altar and the door ?	the altar and the door
which gameplay mode does the videogame star wars : shadows of the empire have	star wars : shadows of the empire
what kind of book is spqr iv : the temple of the muses ?	spqr iv : the temple of the muses
what kind of rock music is on life and death of an american fourtracker	life and death of an american fourtracker
what is the subject of the book the light garden of the angel king	the light garden of the angel king
what are some of the subjects written in weekend walks in rhode island ?	weekend walks in rhode island
whats the name of a documentary film thats about partisan divides in american society	documentary film
what is the release type of the album the very best of perry como	the very best of perry como
what is a song on the hopelessly devoted to you , volume 3 album	hopelessly devoted to you , volume 3
what is the active ingredient in titanium dioxide and zinc oxide 0.077/0.038 gel ?	titanium dioxide and zinc oxide 0.077/0.038 gel
what country is the film red norvo : jazz masters series filmed in ?	red norvo : jazz masters series
what literary genre does the work the return of the indian fall under ?	the return of the indian
what is the name of a person who was involved in world war ii	world war ii
what is the original version of i miss you ( radio edit ) called	i miss you ( radio edit )
what is the name of one of the episodes from man called x ?	man called x
name an artist that released an album named `` wear me out '' .	wear me out
what kind of album is best of bud powell on verve , the ?	best of bud powell on verve , the
what country was the film stir of echoes : the homecoming originally from ?	stir of echoes : the homecoming
what is a city in the state of wyoming in the united states ?	united states
if mihails miholaps played in the top third , which position did he play	mihails miholaps
who is the author editor of the book dracula ( horror classics ) ?	dracula ( horror classics )
who is a character that appears in damaged goods ( doctor who novel )	damaged goods
what field of work is focused on in expert systems in finance and accounting	expert systems in finance and accounting
what type of release is miss otis regrets / just one of those things	miss otis regrets / just one of those things
what is the region that planetary funk , volume 1 is released in ?	planetary funk , volume 1
what genre on netflix is the title rabb ne banaiyan jodiean located in ?	rabb ne banaiyan jodiean
what is a song on birds of a feather : the best of ...	birds of a feather : the best of ...
what is the name of an album released on june 8 , 2010 ?	album
what game are the songs on eve online original soundtrack , volume 1 from	eve online original soundtrack , volume 1
who is the author of the book edition quest for the well of souls	quest for the well of souls
who is the publisher for the game south park : chef 's luv shack	south park : chef 's luv shack
what is the name of a mountain located in maryland , united states ?	united states
what kind of album is the classic trumpet concerti of haydn and hummel ?	the classic trumpet concerti of haydn and hummel
who is an artist that is signed to the record label universal music group	universal music group
who recorded symphonie nº 15 in g-dur , kv 124 : 4. presto ?	symphonie nº 15 in g-dur , kv 124 : 4. presto
what language is spoken on nfl rush zone : guardians of the core ?	nfl rush zone : guardians of the core
what was the subject of the film birds do it , bees do it	birds do it , bees do it
what is the name of a song written by joe perry ( musician )	joe perry
what is the subject of amazing and wonderful mind machines you can build ?	amazing and wonderful mind machines you can build
what was the name of one of the editions of nugent ( album )	nugent
what are some of the events that took place in 2010 wimbledon championships ?	2010 wimbledon championships
what is the name of the city where john brewster , jr. was born	john brewster , jr.
what is the name of a track off of calling in the lions ?	calling in the lions
what is a theme in the piece ah , but your land is beautiful	ah , but your land is beautiful
this is the editor of the book social revolutions in the modern world .	social revolutions in the modern world
what netflix genre does the film the dark knight ( film ) belong to	the dark knight
what medium was used to create arthur wellesley , 1st duke of wellington ?	arthur wellesley , 1st duke of wellington
what was the release type of the album live at the shrine auditorium 1967	live at the shrine auditorium 1967
what type of film is rick steves : germany , benelux and more 2000-2009	rick steves : germany , benelux and more 2000-2009
what is the name of a match that leeds united a.f.c. was involved in	leeds united
what country is the wine 2006 tolosa san luis obispo pinot noir from ?	2006 tolosa san luis obispo pinot noir
what type of movie is a man , a girl and another man ?	a man , a girl and another man
what type of genre is inuyasha the movie : fire on the mystic island	inuyasha the movie : fire on the mystic island
what is an example of a building that is used as a department store	department store
which artist recorded swan lake : act i : introduction / no. 1. scène	swan lake : act i : introduction / no. 1. scène
what is the language of the tv program chef wanted with anne burrell ?	chef wanted with anne burrell
name a main-belt asteroid discovered in 1931 by neujmin , g. at simeis .	asteroid
goo tae hoon is the spouse of actress kim young-ae and a what ?	goo tae hoon
what are the episodes of the show jean-claude van damme : behind closed doors	jean-claude van damme : behind closed doors
what is a dog breed with a coat color of gray & white ?	gray & white
what genre is the netflix title basic math : lesson 28 : problem-solving techniques	basic math : lesson 28 : problem-solving techniques
what style of film format is a.d. police file 2 : the ripper ?	a.d. police file 2 : the ripper
what are some names of countries who were allies of world war i ?	allies of world war i
who is the artist of man on the moon : the end of day	man on the moon : the end of day
what kind of music is to sir with love : the best of 1967-68	to sir with love : the best of 1967-68
what is a track of the album one way of life : best of	one way of life : best of
is the rose parade : a pageant for the ages in english or spanish	the rose parade : a pageant for the ages
who was the writer of dark sun : the making of the hydrogen bomb	dark sun : the making of the hydrogen bomb
what is a track featured on the hardcore junglistic fever , volume 1 release	hardcore junglistic fever , volume 1
what is one of the tracks in little house in the big woods ?	little house in the big woods
what is an example of a pregnancy category c ( fda ) drug ?	pregnancy category c ( fda )
what is the name of a field in the cornell university department of history	cornell university department of history
what type of music does thao nguyen and the get down stay down perform	thao nguyen and the get down stay down
what is the country of origin of the film mockingbird do n't sing ?	mockingbird do n't sing
who is the singer of the album into the groove ( dub version )	into the groove ( dub version )
what united states air force officer is interred at the arlington national cemetery ?	arlington national cemetery
what type of music genre is the album `` built to destroy '' ?	built to destroy
what video game genre is toy story 2 : buzz lightyear to the rescue	toy story 2 : buzz lightyear to the rescue
what river is can be found at the mouth of the dolores river ?	dolores river
what is a high peak in the zugspitze massif in the alps of austria	austria
what is the name of a german painter associated with the dada movement ?	dada
which genre of music is the chamber wind music of jack cooper in ?	the chamber wind music of jack cooper
what types of art contains kung fu action theatre : audio action adventures !	kung fu action theatre : audio action adventures !
what genre is the video game hard truck apocalypse : rise of the clans	hard truck apocalypse : rise of the clans
whats the name of a lake thats in glacier national park ( u.s. )	glacier national park
what is a review featured on review of it might get loud at www.npr.org	review of it might get loud at www.npr.org
what is the highest grade taught at johnnie cochran , jr. , middle school	johnnie cochran , jr. , middle school
which artist released i can make you feel good : the best of shalamar	i can make you feel good : the best of shalamar
what 's an episode from the show railway adventures across australia - season 1	railway adventures across australia - season 1
what would an example of a planetary system be in the solar system ?	solar system
what is a film that is apart of the netflix genre yue chinese ?	yue chinese
what is the release type of the album yanni live ! the concert event	yanni live ! the concert event
where in arizona did virginia d. smith live the final days of her life	virginia d. smith
who was the artist that created the album deta lideracy project : dilated classics	deta lideracy project : dilated classics
what kind of film is breaking the surface : the greg louganis story ?	breaking the surface : the greg louganis story
what country was the film `` yiddle with his fiddle '' filmed in ?	yiddle with his fiddle
what book came from the edition the hobbit ( collins modern classics ) ?	the hobbit ( collins modern classics )
what is the genre of the film the private life of sherlock holmes ?	the private life of sherlock holmes
of which subject is the book mothers , sons , and lovers based on	mothers , sons , and lovers
what is a song off of from beyond : the ultimate sci-fi collection ?	from beyond : the ultimate sci-fi collection
what is a site that is protected by the united states forest service ?	united states forest service
who was the artist of the recording a lady fair , of lineage high	a lady fair , of lineage high
what type of film is strauss : the king of three quarter time technically	strauss : the king of three quarter time
what city in the greater los angeles area is used to film movies ?	greater los angeles area
what type of music is the album per ... un mondo di cristallo ?	per ... un mondo di cristallo
who directed the cook , the thief , his wife & her lover ?	the cook , the thief , his wife & her lover
what is an example of a company in the office machines , nec industry	office machines , nec
what is the netflix section where funny girl ( film ) can be found	funny girl
what is an edition of the book major writings of ralph waldo emerson ?	major writings of ralph waldo emerson
what kind of music can be found on the album hubris i & ii	hubris i & ii
duck rock was an album that was labeled into this genre of music .	duck rock
what is the release type of life , death , live and freedom ?	life , death , live and freedom
albert l. becker is a military personal that participated in what world war ?	albert l. becker
which thriller ( genre ) film in netflix takes place in a city ?	thriller
what 's a song off of the very best of lounge : love lounge	the very best of lounge : love lounge
name a gameplay mode in the game socom : u.s. navy seals tactical strike	socom : u.s. navy seals tactical strike
which island off the west coast of scotland is served by the benbecula airport	benbecula airport
what is the subject matter of the written work searching for candlestick park ?	searching for candlestick park
what 's a western ( genre ) film released in the early 50 's	western
who was the cinematographer for the film huckleberry finn ( 1974 film ) ?	huckleberry finn
what is the release type of that 's bubblegum - that 's giorgio ?	that 's bubblegum - that 's giorgio
is rhinestone cowboy ( new studio recordings ) a country album or pop rock	rhinestone cowboy ( new studio recordings )
what type of game is lode runner online : the mad monks ' revenge	lode runner online : the mad monks ' revenge
which art director provided the set decoration for the film meet joe black ?	meet joe black
what is the genre of film that the lives of others falls within ?	the lives of others
what is the canonical version of the song i will always love you ?	i will always love you
what is the name of the judicial court in victoria ( australia ) ?	victoria
which country is a place between – the story of an adoption originally from	a place between – the story of an adoption
what format was jazz in paris : harlem piano in montmartre released on ?	jazz in paris : harlem piano in montmartre
which country did the wizard of oz ( 1939 film ) originate in ?	the wizard of oz
what actor from emmanuelle in space was born in long beach , california ?	long beach , california
what author edited the pearls of lutra ( redwall , book 9 ) ?	the pearls of lutra ( redwall , book 9 )
what is the track list in the release song a day : year one	song a day : year one
what is the subject of the computer video game mig-29 : soviet fighter ?	mig-29 : soviet fighter
who is the artist of heimspiel ! die toten hosen live in düsseldorf ?	heimspiel ! die toten hosen live in düsseldorf
what are some of the tracks found in love , power & justice ?	love , power & justice
what types of album is let your love flow : 20 years of hits	let your love flow : 20 years of hits
what artist is the album violin concertos ( frank peter zimmermann ) by ?	violin concertos
what kind of album is das bootleg : live in mannheim , part 1	das bootleg : live in mannheim , part 1
what is a name of an episode of the show flight of the conchords	flight of the conchords
what type of film is down in the valley titled as in netflix ?	down in the valley
what type of film is `` the dark side of the sun '' ?	the dark side of the sun
what content type is scream ( feat. keri hilson & nicole scherzinger ) ?	scream ( feat. keri hilson & nicole scherzinger )
what is a track featured on the album does n't play well with others	does n't play well with others
was song is las vegas ( extended club mix ) a remix of	las vegas ( extended club mix )
who is the author of a knot in the grain and other stories	a knot in the grain and other stories
what is a type of gameplay available to gamers playing custom robo v2	custom robo v2
what type of album is planet of the apes considered to be ?	planet of the apes
what was an example of a home game by the san diego chargers	san diego chargers
what is the content type of best of big bands : glen gray	best of big bands : glen gray
what track on beautiful life has the same name as a country ?	beautiful life
how was the album the best of little walter , volume two released	the best of little walter , volume two
which actress was mentioned in review of ugly truth , the at www.usatoday.com	review of ugly truth , the at www.usatoday.com
what is a track on the release best of motown , volume 2	best of motown , volume 2
what 's a public school ( government funded ) named after lucy laney	public school
what is the subject of the making of western jewry , 1600-1819 ?	the making of western jewry , 1600-1819
james j. murakami is the film art director of what film series ?	james j. murakami
who produced the album love. angel. music. baby. ( bonus disc ) ?	love. angel. music. baby. ( bonus disc )
what style of music is the best of the stylistics released in ?	the best of the stylistics
what is the cvg genre of jurassic park iii : the dna factor	jurassic park iii : the dna factor
what genre of music is hot mix radio - disco funk in ?	hot mix radio - disco funk
where was pierre samuel du pont de nemours ' place of birth ?	pierre samuel du pont de nemours
which genre of music is off the album the very best of yanni	the very best of yanni
what language is used for the tv program a bride for a ride	a bride for a ride
who is the artist on the album say it like you mean it	say it like you mean it
what is the topic of england and spain or valour and patriotism ?	england and spain or valour and patriotism
what is the name of a football player that plays as a forward	forward
what is an active ingredient found in botrytis cinerea 40000 injectable solution ?	botrytis cinerea 40000 injectable solution
what author wrote the book `` what would joey do ? `` ?	what would joey do ?
what was the title of the first movie of the batman film series	batman film series
what is the name of a track on out of the woods ?	out of the woods
which album has been released by david wilcox ( canadian musician ) ?	david wilcox
what is the name of a film in the short film genre ?	short film
what was one of the teams that played the 1971 fa cup final	1971 fa cup final
what is a city in the southern netherlands with central european time zone	central european time zone
which country singer produced as soon as i hang up the phone ?	as soon as i hang up the phone
what is the original language that tarzan and the lion man is in	tarzan and the lion man
what route does rabbit epithelium 10000 injectable solution take to be administrated ?	rabbit epithelium 10000 injectable solution
what type of music is casta diva : a romanticized biography of bellini	casta diva : a romanticized biography of bellini
whats the name of an album that was created by vinicius de moraes	vinicius de moraes
what form is the composition the man that knew too much in ?	the man that knew too much
what type of release is rivers of babylon : a best of collection	rivers of babylon : a best of collection
which american publisher published the book `` o '' is for outlaw ?	`` o '' is for outlaw
what is the artist that released three hanks : men with broken hearts	three hanks : men with broken hearts
which film did joão rui guerra da mata do the costume design for	joão rui guerra da mata
which artist made the album works for violin and piano , volume 1	works for violin and piano , volume 1
who was an american football player and a participant in world war ii	world war ii
who is the performer of 36 all time greatest hits , volume 2	36 all time greatest hits , volume 2
which type of binding found on the book titled mysticism in modern france	mysticism in modern france
what is the name of a magazine of the literary magazine genre ?	literary magazine
what is the name of a film that was created by buster keaton	buster keaton
which russian writer 's cause of death was believed to be assassination ?	assassination
joseph taylor robinson house is an example of what type of architecture ?	joseph taylor robinson house
what is the current legal status of raw opium gum 30 pellet ?	raw opium gum 30 pellet
what school is a type of public school ( government funded ) ?	public school
what kind of format os a very special christmas live released in ?	a very special christmas live
in which location did middle east theatre of world war ii take place	middle east theatre of world war ii
what is the publisher of the game version of wings of fury ?	wings of fury
what family is grand duke paul alexandrovich of russia a member of ?	grand duke paul alexandrovich of russia
what type of format has the vocal anthology , volume 1 album ?	vocal anthology , volume 1
what is the subject of locus award for best science fiction novel ?	locus award for best science fiction novel
what is the ideology of the political party ecological and environmental movement ?	ecological and environmental movement
what are the official colors for st. peter 's college , johannesburg ?	st. peter 's college , johannesburg
which is an educational institution for management located in punjab , india ?	punjab , india
what language is songs and dances of death : ii. serenade in ?	songs and dances of death : ii. serenade
what song is on the release the dream of the blue turtles ?	the dream of the blue turtles
what kind of game is pirates : the legend of black kat ?	pirates : the legend of black kat
what was the release type of the album we 'll be together again	we 'll be together again
what 's a song featured on frank sinatra conducts tone poems of color	frank sinatra conducts tone poems of color
name a track off of the release the very best of j.j. cale	the very best of j.j. cale
what is the subject of the written work the world must know ?	the world must know
what is the sixth compilation album by the serbian punk rock rock band	punk rock
what are some names of male characters in the street fighter series ?	male
what is the short tree and the bird that could not sing about	the short tree and the bird that could not sing
what is the release type of the album move it on over ?	move it on over
what genre of music would does fate of a dreamer belong to ?	fate of a dreamer
the power rangers dino thunder game was published by what american company ?	power rangers dino thunder
which genre of film is bajo juarez , the city devouring its daughters	bajo juarez , the city devouring its daughters
who did the interior illustrations of the book sylvester and the magic pebble	sylvester and the magic pebble
is 2008.09.06 red rocks amphitheatre , morrison a studio or a live album	2008.09.06 red rocks amphitheatre , morrison
which is the name of an action game released for playstation 2 ?	action game
what kind of film is battlefield : arnhem : operation market garden ?	battlefield : arnhem : operation market garden
what type of album is the essential dj 12 inch and mega mixes	the essential dj 12 inch and mega mixes
who is the artist for the piece , el rio de luz ?	el rio de luz
what was the subject of the book the duel for france , 1944	the duel for france , 1944
what kind of album is best of , chapter one : 1997-2004 ?	best of , chapter one : 1997-2004
in which city in va there is a historical old town hall ?	old town hall
what type of genre is the album between the times and the tides	between the times and the tides
what kind of movie is the film i was a jewish sex worker	i was a jewish sex worker
who is a character that appears in the fictional universe of harry potter	harry potter
what is the track list of the release away from the sun ?	away from the sun
what publisher released the game freddi fish & luther 's maze madness ?	freddi fish & luther 's maze madness
what media was used to produce the piece of art road in maine	road in maine
what is the name of a planetary system in the solar system ?	solar system
what type of music is played in the patience album by george michael	patience
what is the name of a composition by larry mullen , jr. ?	larry mullen , jr.
verdi : messa da requiem : abbado is a film of what genre	verdi : messa da requiem : abbado
bob dylan was the composer of this song by the the traveling wilburys	bob dylan
who was in charge of the costume design for the film brazil ?	brazil
who created the music for the film raw ! raw ! rooster !	raw ! raw ! rooster !
what release has the track santa claus is coming to town on it	santa claus is coming to town
what type of netflix film is x games : evolution of skate ?	x games : evolution of skate
what types of movie is dirty pretty things ( film ) in netflix	dirty pretty things
what is a disney movie found on children & family movies in netflix	children & family movies
what is the country of origin of impact : stories of survival ?	impact : stories of survival
what country was the film the horror vault : part 1 produced in	the horror vault : part 1
what is the name of a platform game found on the nintendo ds	platform game
who is the composer of i 'm just a killer for your love	i 'm just a killer for your love
what type of musical album is danny howells presents : jackpot records ?	danny howells presents : jackpot records
what is an example of a movie title from the netflix genre hindi	hindi
what album was produced by the artist ini ( hip hop group )	ini
what is the genre of the album that 's what people do ?	that 's what people do
is the chronological classics : fats waller 1937-1938 a compilation album or soundtrack	the chronological classics : fats waller 1937-1938
to what musical genre does the album life after cash money belong ?	life after cash money
what is a greatest hits album by hard rock vocalist david lee roth	album
who developed the game bill & ted 's excellent game boy adventure ?	bill & ted 's excellent game boy adventure
which mountain does riccardo cassin receive credit for being the first to climb	riccardo cassin
what genre of music is the album cross canadian ragweed ( purple )	cross canadian ragweed ( purple )
what is the name of a trade union in the united kingdom ?	united kingdom
name a public school ( government funded ) in mobile , alabama .	public school
what is the name of the author responsible for la galaxia internet ?	la galaxia internet
what kind of album is the muppet show : the 25th anniversary collection	the muppet show : the 25th anniversary collection
what is the subject of the untapped power of the sacrament of penance	the untapped power of the sacrament of penance
what is the release type of new york : on the road 86–87	new york : on the road 86–87
what school district is carver vocational technical high school a part of ?	carver vocational technical high school
what is the name of a notable figure who was born in budapest	budapest
what language is the tv program war of the genders made in ?	war of the genders
what medical school was formed as a partnership with the university of brighton	university of brighton
what is an event that took place at the 2000 summer olympics ?	2000 summer olympics
what kind of binding is the protestant ethic and the spirit of capitalism	the protestant ethic and the spirit of capitalism
which netflix title is in the genre movies/tv for ages 5 to 7	movies/tv for ages 5 to 7
what is the type of release lovers , friends and strangers had ?	lovers , friends and strangers
name an emigrant ancestor of the perley family that died of natural causes	natural causes
who is the manufacturer of the drug ambien cr 6.25 coated tablet ?	ambien cr 6.25 coated tablet
what is the topic of the written piece the way and the word	the way and the word
what is the name of a film in the short film genre ?	short film
who was the author editor of the book stork naked ( xanth )	stork naked ( xanth )
what war was the battle of hoa da – song mao part of	battle of hoa da – song mao
what armed forced does the military unit 8th pennsylvania reserve regiment belong to	8th pennsylvania reserve regiment
what is the name of a track off of the release titled christmas	christmas
what kind of binding is on the book tarzan of the apes ?	tarzan of the apes
who is the author of the work robert b. parker 's lullaby ?	robert b. parker 's lullaby
what language is the film angus buchan 's ordinary people filmed in ?	angus buchan 's ordinary people
what is the subject of curtain : an essay in seven parts ?	curtain : an essay in seven parts
what is the release from the track for whom the bell tolls ?	for whom the bell tolls
what 's one of the songs on the 100 % television themes release	100 % television themes
the fictional character the seer ( charmed ) appears in what fictional universes	the seer
what is the color of the drug horizant 600 extended release tablet ?	horizant 600 extended release tablet
what is the name of a formulation that is available as a tablet	tablet
is to hell with the devil an audio cassette or a compact disc	to hell with the devil
who is the artist from the album the very best of jimmie rodgers	the very best of jimmie rodgers
which artist made the album in live concert at the royal albert hall	in live concert at the royal albert hall
what i the tittle of the 2009 documentary film directed by jean-marie téno	documentary film
what is a sport that was played during the 1912 summer olympics ?	1912 summer olympics
which topics are the core of the argument in the other american revolution	the other american revolution
who is responsible for well ( baby please do n't go ) ?	well ( baby please do n't go )
is there a label for marie curie : more than meets the eye	marie curie : more than meets the eye
what game console is rally fusion : race of champions played on ?	rally fusion : race of champions
is halibut 0.05 injectable solution an over the counter or prescription drug ?	halibut 0.05 injectable solution
what kinds of movie is jim breuer : heavy metal comedy in netflix	jim breuer : heavy metal comedy
which subject is the book the loud silence of francine green based on	the loud silence of francine green
what kind of release was jazz & blues collection 18 : louis jordan	jazz & blues collection 18 : louis jordan
what is the topic of cosmic trigger iii : my life after death	cosmic trigger iii : my life after death
what are courts that are inferior to supreme court of the united states	supreme court of the united states
where did manuel mur oti spend the last day of his life ?	manuel mur oti
the my teacher is an alien comes in one of which formats ?	my teacher is an alien
who was the artist that released final bell / ghost in the ruins	final bell / ghost in the ruins
is the gender of carmen consuelo cerezo that of male or female ?	carmen consuelo cerezo
what is the name of a song on the recording another day ?	another day
what 's a version of the song on the single for black sheep	black sheep
what is the name of a play produced by the royal national theatre	royal national theatre
who wrote the tv series they use horseradish , do n't they ?	they use horseradish , do n't they ?
what genre of music is the artist rob fraboni a part of ?	rob fraboni
what are the people born in st. leonhard in passeier referred to as	st. leonhard in passeier
what is the sector of the organization cosmica spacelines s. a. s. ?	cosmica spacelines s. a. s.
name a person who was born in the london borough of brent .	london borough of brent
what are the subjects of the book the way of the superior man	the way of the superior man
who is the artist on the album kylie fever 2002 live in manchester	kylie fever 2002 live in manchester
what 's the name of one of the tracks on vitium cordis congenitum	vitium cordis congenitum
in what language is the film `` the little things '' made ?	the little things
solaris ( operating system ) was influenced by which computer operating system ?	solaris
what is the language of the film stage fright ( 1987 film )	stage fright
what gameplay mode can you play rally fusion : race of champions in	rally fusion : race of champions
where was the discovery of ( 9528 ) 1981 eh24 made at ?	( 9528 ) 1981 eh24
what is the name of someone who is very good at the guitar	guitar
what is the name of the recording that contains the track sarajevo ?	sarajevo
what type of music is the album final fantasy x original soundtrack ?	final fantasy x original soundtrack
what is the star system that ( 10486 ) 1985 cs2 is in	( 10486 ) 1985 cs2
what is the name of a astronomical discovery made by la silla observatory	la silla observatory
what kind of album is dj tiësto live at innercity - amsterdam rai	live at innercity - amsterdam rai
what is the name of an artist that is signed to noise records	noise records
what is an active ingredient in zinc oxide and lanolin 0.15/0.15 ointment ?	zinc oxide and lanolin 0.15/0.15 ointment
what is the legality of the drug atractylodes japonica root 0.00055 lotion ?	atractylodes japonica root 0.00055 lotion
what is the name of a release that was produced by marco polo	marco polo
what is the shape of the hydroxyzine hydrochloride 25 film coated tablet ?	hydroxyzine hydrochloride 25 film coated tablet
what is the country of origin of the film besa e kuqe ?	besa e kuqe
what is the name of a film that david arnold contributed music toward	david arnold
what is a track from the release classic hits - 50 unbeatable tracks	classic hits - 50 unbeatable tracks
what foreign language is love on the rocks titled as in netflix ?	love on the rocks
what is a play that was produced by the public theater company ?	the public theater
what is the name of brian k. vaughan 's comic book character ?	brian k. vaughan
the house of dies drear deals with themes from what time period ?	the house of dies drear
which japanese author wrote the story for the film the berlin affair ?	the berlin affair
which region was the album the rebirth of kirk franklin released in ?	the rebirth of kirk franklin
who was the publisher of silent hunter 4 : wolves of the pacific	silent hunter 4 : wolves of the pacific
what the name of a track on the stairway to heaven album ?	stairway to heaven
what is the genre of the netflix film powder blue ( film )	powder blue
what country did the show i 'm a big girl now originate from	i 'm a big girl now
what is the primary color for the educational institution university of the assumption	university of the assumption
what genre on netflix is the euroshock collection : the awful dr. orlof	the euroshock collection : the awful dr. orlof
what country did the film romani kris - gypsy lore come out of	romani kris - gypsy lore
the night i fell in love is an album by what acclaimed artist	the night i fell in love
what kind of music can be found on the album blood like lemonade	blood like lemonade
who recorded the adagio from symphony no.10 - b andante come prima ?	adagio from symphony no.10 - b andante come prima
what is the release type of falling in love with : duke ellington	falling in love with : duke ellington
who is the publisher of dungeon fighter live : fall of hendon myre	dungeon fighter live : fall of hendon myre
what is the kind of music performed on the disappearance of adalia ?	the disappearance of adalia
what kind of video game is looney tunes : marvin strikes back !	looney tunes : marvin strikes back !
what is the track list of aled jones : the christmas album ?	aled jones : the christmas album
what kind of game is knights of the temple : infernal crusade ?	knights of the temple : infernal crusade
the film in praise of older women was based in which country ?	in praise of older women
what is the country of origin associated with fast money ( cnbc )	fast money
what type of game is atari : 80 classic games in one ?	atari : 80 classic games in one
what is the subject of the book emma and mommy talk to god	emma and mommy talk to god
which gameplay mode is used for harry potter and the half-blood prince ?	harry potter and the half-blood prince
what language is windows vista para dummies ( for dummies written in ?	windows vista para dummies ( for dummies
what is the name of the town that percy sonn passed away in	percy sonn
what type of album is symphony 4 in f minor , op. 36	symphony 4 in f minor , op. 36
which artist recorded in the cool , cool , cool of the evening	in the cool , cool , cool of the evening
who is the director of the tv series the origin of species ?	the origin of species
which parks are a part of the california department of parks and recreation	california department of parks and recreation
what type of album is the complete live at the village vanguard 1961	the complete live at the village vanguard 1961
what is the name of an arch dam built in turkey in 1984	turkey
is invasion of the bee girls a thriller ( genre ) or mystery	invasion of the bee girls
what is the name of a film that was produced by john lasseter	john lasseter
what 's the dominant language in the dirty dozen : the deadly mission	the dirty dozen : the deadly mission
who produced the lord of the rings : the return of the king	the lord of the rings : the return of the king
what italian city was the place of birth of prince maurice of savoy	prince maurice of savoy
what is the binding on the living dead ( spooksville no. 21 )	the living dead ( spooksville no. 21 )
what type of release is 2006-09-13 : bern arena , bern , switzerland	2006-09-13 : bern arena , bern , switzerland
what 's a song on the track list for best of johnny crawford	best of johnny crawford
what genre is the book `` putting science in its place '' ?	putting science in its place
what kind of exhibition is manet , the man who invented modernity ?	manet , the man who invented modernity
what type of music is part of nat king cole at the piano	nat king cole at the piano
which songs did johann wolfgang von goethe help write the lyrics for ?	johann wolfgang von goethe
what is the name of a title under the television genre on netflix	television
what 's one of the tracks on the play me the blues ...	play me the blues ...
who was the developer for the game the king of fighters 2000/2001 ?	the king of fighters 2000/2001
what type of music is king without a crown an example of ?	king without a crown
what is a movie that can be found in the netflix drama section	drama
name a track off of the release somewhere in the swamps of jersey	somewhere in the swamps of jersey
what was the title of the spanish edition of the talented mr. ripley	the talented mr. ripley
who is a notable person who is affected by attention deficit hyperactivity disorder	attention deficit hyperactivity disorder
what type of music is the album off the beaten track in ?	off the beaten track
what is the original version of barcelona ( original 1987 extended version )	barcelona ( original 1987 extended version )
what genre of music does the album light you up belong to ?	light you up
what is a song on comin ' from the heart of the ghetto	comin ' from the heart of the ghetto
what kind of netflix film is joe guitar hughes : texas bluesman ?	joe guitar hughes : texas bluesman
what track list is on nepali punk , it 's just the beginning	nepali punk , it 's just the beginning
which sport is the film two half times in hell based on ?	two half times in hell
what type of album is the essential collection ( disc 2 ) ?	the essential collection ( disc 2 )
what genre of television does le cœur a ses raisons fall underneath ?	le cœur a ses raisons
which horse was bred from charles wood , 2nd earl of halifax ?	charles wood , 2nd earl of halifax
which country was the honey , i shrunk the audience ! movie filmed	honey , i shrunk the audience !
what is a civil and political rights group in the us and canada	civil and political rights
what form does sun mark stomach relief 262 chewable tablet come in ?	sun mark stomach relief 262 chewable tablet
who provided the music for the film 12 rounds ( film ) ?	12 rounds
what is a song on the best of steve harley and cockney rebel	the best of steve harley and cockney rebel
what is the title of a compilation album featuring more than one artist	compilation album
in which country did the tv program live in style originate in ?	live in style
what is the subject content of the legal and regulatory environment of business	the legal and regulatory environment of business
what is the name of a person of the jewish people ethnicity ?	jewish people
which comedy film did gregory p. keen was a production designer in ?	gregory p. keen
is the hound of the baskervilles a thriller ( genre ) or comedy	the hound of the baskervilles
what is the subject of the written work bad luck and trouble ?	bad luck and trouble
what book genre is the book complete essays , vol. 1 : 1920-1925	complete essays , vol. 1 : 1920-1925
who is a deitie for the church of jesus christ of latter-day saints	the church of jesus christ of latter-day saints
what is the type of music that is played on disco blood ?	disco blood
who did the film art direction for crimson tide ( film ) ?	crimson tide
what is the name of a place in charles county , maryland ?	charles county
what type of movie is take me home : the john denver story	take me home : the john denver story
what types of music is keeper of the seven keys , part i	keeper of the seven keys , part i
whos a character in the comic book story titled chapter one : coffin	chapter one : coffin
what kind of netlfix film is hachi : a dog 's tale ?	hachi : a dog 's tale
which category would the philadelphia story ( film ) appear in on netflix	the philadelphia story
what is a published book edition that was authored by john jakes ?	john jakes
which city is the organization east of england ambulance service located in ?	east of england ambulance service
what subject is the book the diamond as big as the ritz ?	the diamond as big as the ritz
what member of the asteroid group is ( 11186 ) 1998 hc120 ?	( 11186 ) 1998 hc120
who was the plaintiff for microsoft corp. v. lindows.com , inc. lawsuit ?	microsoft corp. v. lindows.com , inc.
what is the production company of the outside chance of maximilian glick ?	the outside chance of maximilian glick
what region in north america was street sweeper social club released in ?	street sweeper social club
which language is the film to whom does the world belong ? in	to whom does the world belong ?
name a title that can be found in the netflix genre india .	india
what is the name of a city located in cambria county , pennsylvania	cambria county , pennsylvania
what is the name of a album produce by the anthrax band ?	anthrax
what is the ideology of the green party of aotearoa new zealand ?	green party of aotearoa new zealand
what american politician gave her name for the eleanor roosevelt national historic site	eleanor roosevelt national historic site
what recording and release track is titled santa claus is coming to town	santa claus is coming to town
who made the story for the film ivana trump 's for love alone	ivana trump 's for love alone
what is the name of a wine that comes from napa valley ava	napa valley ava
to which family does afonso of braganza , 1st marquis of valença belong	afonso of braganza , 1st marquis of valença
what series is the episode the alien costume , part one from ?	the alien costume , part one
what were franklin d. roosevelt and his family known as during his presidency	franklin d. roosevelt
what kind of movie is the man from snowy river ii classified as	the man from snowy river ii
what is the chromosome of the gene amyloid p component , serum ?	amyloid p component , serum
what is the name of a book that was written about jamaica ?	jamaica
what type of tv program is digimon : digital monsters - season 4	digimon : digital monsters - season 4
what is a track off the trip : navigated by joey negro ?	the trip : navigated by joey negro
which track contains killing moon : the best of echo and the bunnymen	killing moon : the best of echo and the bunnymen
which songs are listed in the release sunshine live , volume 2 ?	sunshine live , volume 2
name the language in the film dirty poole : a work in progress	dirty poole : a work in progress
which native american tribe was involved in the battle of long sault ?	battle of long sault
what is the tittle of an entrepreneur who opens and runs restaurants professionally	entrepreneur
what small island country on the persian gulf hosts 2008 bahrain grand prix	2008 bahrain grand prix
what is one of the islands that can be found in near islands	near islands
what language was the film red vs. blue : revelation made in ?	red vs. blue : revelation
what is a track by the artist the butterfly effect ( band )	the butterfly effect
what language is spoken in the film me he de comer esa tune	me he de comer esa tune
which artist put out the album wowee zowee : sordid sentinels edition ?	wowee zowee : sordid sentinels edition
what engine is used in the game tom clancy 's ghost recon 2	tom clancy 's ghost recon 2
what color is rx act pain relief regular strength 325 tablet available in	rx act pain relief regular strength 325 tablet
this city in belgium is where actor bert van tichelen was born .	bert van tichelen
what is a soundtrack for a 2003 film of the same name ?	soundtrack
what type of movie is who 's been sleeping in my bed ?	who 's been sleeping in my bed ?
what type of school is santa fe university of art and design ?	santa fe university of art and design
what is the name of a national park located in hoonah-angoon census area	hoonah-angoon census area
what kind of music can be heard when listening to a reality tour	a reality tour
what is the language of the composition i wan na be around ?	i wan na be around
what 's one of the subjects in fragments of a poetics of fire	fragments of a poetics of fire
who was the cinematographer of the film a feud in the kentucky hills	a feud in the kentucky hills
what period did the artwork still life with a boy blowing soap-bubbles occur	still life with a boy blowing soap-bubbles
what is the legal status of sodium sulfacetamide and sulfur 0.05 kit ?	sodium sulfacetamide and sulfur 0.05 kit
what is the tittle of a compilation album by country singer willie nelson	compilation album
what is the subject of the work titled the living word of god	the living word of god
what example of a supermini car was made by a malaysian carmaker ?	supermini
what type of album would the best of delaney & bonnie be considered	the best of delaney & bonnie
what genre does the film bram stoker 's dracula 's guest belong to	bram stoker 's dracula 's guest
what is a release on the recording santa claus is coming to town	santa claus is coming to town
what is the name of an episode in the bill - season 9	the bill - season 9
which artist released the album buried treasures : recorded live in mexico city	buried treasures : recorded live in mexico city
who was the artist of the life aquatic ( complete score ) ?	the life aquatic ( complete score )
which subject does the work the secret knowledge of grown-ups belong to ?	the secret knowledge of grown-ups
which tracks were a part of the release catalog 1/14 - 5/12 ?	catalog 1/14 - 5/12
which body of water can be seen from the fort madison toll bridge	fort madison toll bridge
what is a book edition of the structure and distribution of coral reefs	the structure and distribution of coral reefs
what kind of music can be found on the album under blackpool lights	under blackpool lights
what is a gameplay mode featured on lego creator : knights ' kingdom	lego creator : knights ' kingdom
who 's currently a member of the united states house committee on agriculture	house committee on agriculture
what 's the name of a battle that george armstrong custer participated in	george armstrong custer
who did the music for the film i know who killed me ?	i know who killed me
what is the name of a film that was produced by pamela koffler	pamela koffler
what genre is the album ¡policia ! : a tribute to the police	¡policia ! : a tribute to the police
who recorded also sprach zarathustra , op. 30 : v. das grablied ?	also sprach zarathustra , op. 30 : v. das grablied
what is the name of the artist that released the recording titled vocalise	vocalise
what type of cinematography was the film on with the show done in	on with the show
what is a place located in the eastern daylight time time zone ?	eastern daylight time
what is one of the songs made by manfred manns earth band ?	manfred manns earth band
what is a track of the the dark side of the moon album	the dark side of the moon
who was the developer for the game pitfall : the mayan adventure ?	pitfall : the mayan adventure
what genre of novel is christmas when music almost killed the world ?	christmas when music almost killed the world
what kind of book is death & fame : last poems 1993-1997 ?	death & fame : last poems 1993-1997
what was one of the larger themes of independence day ( film )	independence day
the james whitcomb riley museum home got its name from what person ?	james whitcomb riley museum home
what is the name of a professional book by john c. maxwell ?	professional
what kind of film is a quest for peace : nonviolence among religions	a quest for peace : nonviolence among religions
what italian region is a part of the central european time zone ?	central european time zone
who is the artist featured at the dave matthews band 2009 concert tour	dave matthews band 2009 concert tour
which production company worked on the film the secret life of walter mitty	the secret life of walter mitty
what is a type of release of plus bleu que tes yeux ?	plus bleu que tes yeux
what is the title of the series that showed the episode called singapore	singapore
what is san luis obispo county 's location within the time zone ?	san luis obispo county
what kinds of movie is police story 3 : super cop in netflix	police story 3 : super cop
what is the name of the movie in the netflix genre indie dramas	indie dramas
whats the subject of the written work the brief history of the dead	the brief history of the dead
what is a version of the single september ( bonus track ) ?	september ( bonus track )
what is the house in new york that showcases queen anne style architecture	queen anne
what school of architecture is the river forest historic district based off of	river forest historic district
what type of music is on the album please do n't touch !	please do n't touch !
who edited the film prince of persia : the sands of time ?	prince of persia : the sands of time
whats the name of a baseball player who plays as a right fielder	right fielder
what country is the film issi ka naam duniya hai filmed in ?	issi ka naam duniya hai
what netflix genre is coleccion pedro infante : la oveja negra in ?	coleccion pedro infante : la oveja negra
which item is used to on a lighthouse from a concrete slab ?	concrete slab
what is the original language of the written work the vicar of bullhampton	the vicar of bullhampton
what is the name of a film in the i am singh ?	i am singh
what is the highest grade that is taught at west valley high school	west valley high school
what is the editions of the book the world according to garp ?	the world according to garp
what language is charlene ( i 'm right behind you ) in ?	charlene ( i 'm right behind you )
who is the developer for the game pelé ii : world tournament soccer	pelé ii : world tournament soccer
what is the subject of the politics of heroin in southeast asia ?	the politics of heroin in southeast asia
what genre of album was love , peace & poetry – vol.7 mexican	love , peace & poetry – vol.7 mexican
what type of film is hippos and rhinos considered to be on netflix	hippos and rhinos
what types of movie is kony 2012 : part ii - beyond famous	kony 2012 : part ii - beyond famous
what is the gameplay mode of the game j-league eleven beat 1997 ?	j-league eleven beat 1997
who is the former justice of supreme court of pakistan born in mumbai	mumbai
what type of content is earth , wind & fire 's music ?	earth , wind & fire
what language is spoken in the composition autumn ( paradise is free )	autumn ( paradise is free )
what type of album does the content from playlist your way classify it	playlist your way
who was the producer of the film jay and silent bob strike back	jay and silent bob strike back
what 's the name of an an english psychedelic rock band from manchester	psychedelic rock
what type of music is grand theft auto : the soundtrack considered ?	grand theft auto : the soundtrack
what 's one theme that 's presented in the music of the primes	the music of the primes
what are the colors of the texas tech red raiders football team ?	texas tech red raiders football
what netflix genre is cuba mia : portrait of an all-woman orchestra under	cuba mia : portrait of an all-woman orchestra
what is the name of a river partially located in vas county ?	vas county
whats the name of the canonical version of the recording being with you	being with you
which artist is behind the album sweet little rock 'n ' roller ?	sweet little rock 'n ' roller
who is the artist on the album works for large chorus and orchestra	works for large chorus and orchestra
who is the publisher of the game bomberman touch 2 : volcano party	bomberman touch 2 : volcano party
who is credited as the cinematographer for eternal sunshine of the spotless mind	eternal sunshine of the spotless mind
what kind of release is rachmaninov ( piano : yevegeny sudbin ) ?	rachmaninov
who was a musical guest on the snl episode snl - 13.7 ?	snl - 13.7
what the name of an unincorporated community in warrick county , indiana ?	warrick county
what is the subject of the book race , class , and power	race , class , and power
what 's one of the subjects in the book trade unions in politics	trade unions in politics
what 's a filming location used in love story ( 1970 film )	love story
what kind of music is the album perseo miranda and his theatre ?	perseo miranda and his theatre
which language is case closed : the phantom of baker street in ?	case closed : the phantom of baker street
what is a track recorded by big head todd and the monsters ?	big head todd and the monsters
whats the name of a track from the release lady sings the blues	lady sings the blues
which language is spoken in amandla ! a revolution in four part harmony	amandla ! a revolution in four part harmony
what is the cvg genre of dan dare iii : the escape ?	dan dare iii : the escape
whats the name of a main belt asteroid found in our solar system	solar system
what type of album is the marilyn monroe collection : 20 golden greats	the marilyn monroe collection : 20 golden greats
who was the film the other boleyn girl based on the story by	the other boleyn girl
what flavors is ludens wild honey throat drops 2.8 lozenge available in ?	ludens wild honey throat drops 2.8 lozenge
name a vocalist that identifies as part of the african american ethnicity ?	african american
what 's an unusual instrument that a member of the tuna helpers played	the tuna helpers
what language was born to controversy : the roddy piper story filmed ?	born to controversy : the roddy piper story
what is the genre of music of the album the platinum collection ?	the platinum collection
what gaming developer made max payne 2 : the fall of max payne	max payne 2 : the fall of max payne
who was the costume designer for the film cheaper by the dozen ?	cheaper by the dozen
what is one of the tracks produced by the the black keys ?	the black keys
what was the genre of the book titled the two faces of tomorrow	the two faces of tomorrow
who is the video game publisher of virtua cop : elite edition ?	virtua cop : elite edition
which country did the film the man who came from ummo come from	the man who came from ummo
what kind of visual art takes place at the great lakes theater festival	great lakes theater
name a military regiment served by the union during the civil war ?	regiment
name the german musical group that composed the independent years 2009 compilation album	the independent years
who was an american football player who played for the tennessee oilers ?	american football player
what type of music can be found on the music album non homologué	non homologué
what is the name of a western ( genre ) film ?	western
whats the name of the organization that was founded by frei otto	frei otto
what was the country of origin of the tv show sidewalks entertainment	sidewalks entertainment
what is the second level division of the division crixás do tocantins	crixás do tocantins
what 's a battle that took place in the kingdom of prussia	kingdom of prussia
what type of school is blessed cardinal newman catholic high school ?	blessed cardinal newman catholic high school
what is a subject in where the sea breaks its back ?	where the sea breaks its back
what is the subject of the film pineapple express ( film )	pineapple express
what is the name of a movie whose genre is action film	action film
in what region of the world was days of thunder released ?	days of thunder
nantucket , massachusetts is an island in which body of water ?	nantucket , massachusetts
what is the parental institution of the royal academy of dramatic art	royal academy of dramatic art
what 's one of the songs on do n't fear the revenge	do n't fear the revenge
which areas were affected by the disaster pacific western airlines flight 314	pacific western airlines flight 314
what kind of museum os the science museum ( london ) ?	science museum
what type of album is xx – two decades of love metal	xx – two decades of love metal
what is the main language spoken in a ghentar si muore facile	a ghentar si muore facile
what is the physical format of the release back to the 80s	back to the 80s
what is the written language of the work well paid scientist ?	well paid scientist
who is the composer that wrote the songs on the essential mozart	the essential mozart
what is the name of an episode of life on a stick	life on a stick
huey p. newton was a major activist for this social movement .	huey p. newton
name a track off the release grape blueprints pour spinach olive grape	grape blueprints pour spinach olive grape
what is the active ingredient in acetaminophen and codeine phosphate 500/15 tablet	acetaminophen and codeine phosphate 500/15 tablet
what type of film is baby faith : god made music ?	baby faith : god made music
what is the topic of the written piece david and the phoenix	david and the phoenix
which government party was involved with the battle of bristoe station ?	battle of bristoe station
birth of a golem is a film directed by what notable director	birth of a golem
what is the subject of the film titled higher than a kite	higher than a kite
what is the country from which james c. dobbin nationality is derived	james c. dobbin
who did the costume design for the film the other boleyn girl	the other boleyn girl
what is the soundtrack album for the movie the great mouse detective	the great mouse detective
what kind of music is on the album on a mission ?	on a mission
what support was the artwork the residence of david twining done on	the residence of david twining
what is the gameplay mode of the sims 3 : world adventures	the sims 3 : world adventures
which country is the film sjors en sjimmie en de gorilla from	sjors en sjimmie en de gorilla
what is the name of the soundtrack for the west side story	west side story
which genre is the film down and out with the dolls from	down and out with the dolls
what is the format of the release ravermeister , volume 9 ?	ravermeister , volume 9
what genre of film is curtain call at cactus creek in ?	curtain call at cactus creek
what body of water does omaha road bridge number 15 pass over	omaha road bridge number 15
what type of album is christmas with the chipmunks , vol. 2	christmas with the chipmunks , vol. 2
what type of album was the legend of blind willie mctell ?	the legend of blind willie mctell
what is the title of a film that is a horror movie	horror movie
in what region of the world was no , virginia ... released	no , virginia ...
what genre of music is the album it was all a dream	it was all a dream
what is the country of origin of the tv show billable hours	billable hours
is the bronx high school of science a private or magnet school	the bronx high school of science
what country is fort leonard wood ( military base ) based in	fort leonard wood
what type of game is blazblue : calamity trigger released in ?	blazblue : calamity trigger
what genre of music the artist chris mccarvill a part of ?	chris mccarvill
where in california is carol mon pere 's place of death ?	carol mon pere
what the genre classification of the book the servants of twilight ?	the servants of twilight
is arthur a. dugoni school of dentistry a private university or public	arthur a. dugoni school of dentistry
what is a is a public secondary school in westminster , colorado	secondary school
what is one of the album 's released by the island ?	the island
who is the author of the written work `` unguarded '' ?	unguarded
what type of architectural style is cathedral of the immaculate conception in	cathedral of the immaculate conception
who is the main act from a night with poncho sanchez live	a night with poncho sanchez live
where is margherita gonzaga , duchess of ferrara 's place of death	margherita gonzaga , duchess of ferrara
what genre is the album all the best considered to be ?	all the best
what sites are governed by the washington state parks and recreation commission	washington state parks and recreation commission
which film did harold bell wright do the film story credits for	harold bell wright
who is a person with the profession model ( person ) ?	model
what group of people does paul hodes 's ethnicity classify him as	paul hodes
what is a name of an album by `` avant-garde '' ?	avant-garde
which language is the opera eugene onegin ( opera ) in ?	eugene onegin
what 's a food that can be eaten by people practicing veganism	veganism
what 's the topic discussed in from the bomb to the beatles	from the bomb to the beatles
what country is the great composers : johann sebastian bach from ?	the great composers : johann sebastian bach
what profession was baltasar de la cueva , count of castellar ?	baltasar de la cueva , count of castellar
what is the subject of the work the hand of esau ?	the hand of esau
what is a book that was published by book jungle publishing company	book jungle
what is the name of a popular book written by poul anderson	poul anderson
in which topic gallery does flatiron crop 20040522 114306 1 appear in	flatiron crop 20040522 114306 1
who was named for xiu xiu : the sent down girl ?	xiu xiu : the sent down girl
what type of album is bert kaempfert & james last in concert	bert kaempfert & james last in concert
what area was affected by the may 18–21 , 2013 tornado outbreak	may 18–21 , 2013 tornado outbreak
which transit lines does the bus services in phoenix , arizona ?	bus
which artist recorded rhapsody on a theme of paganini : variation 22	rhapsody on a theme of paganini : variation 22
what is the name of the version of the single new orleans	new orleans
what 's the name for the recording version of new south wales	new south wales
what kind of film is great big sea : great big dvd	great big sea : great big dvd
the sweet pussycats can be found under what genre on netflix ?	the sweet pussycats
who was involved in the cultural event second battle of fort wagner	second battle of fort wagner
name the artist of the album `` let it flow '' .	let it flow
what is a character from the play antigone ( sophocles ) ?	antigone
what is the name of the book whose edition was titled peru	peru
what is the release type of the music 14 shades of grey	14 shades of grey
what is the topic of the book the life of erasmus ?	the life of erasmus
who is the producer of the walgreens urinary pain relief 95 tablet	walgreens urinary pain relief 95 tablet
name a version of the single girls just want to have fun	girls just want to have fun
which nation is the film state of the union located in ?	state of the union
what is a track from cool women : the best vocals ?	cool women : the best vocals
what genre of movies is the mating habits of the earthbound human	the mating habits of the earthbound human
what is the name o a composition that is in song form	song
nintendo entertainment analysis & development developed this well-received nintendo ds title .	nintendo entertainment analysis & development
what is the name of a film directed by cecil b. demille	cecil b. demille
what is globe trekker : great historic sites classified under on netflix	globe trekker : great historic sites
which kind of film is perfect stranger ( film ) in ?	perfect stranger
what 's the name of a man who was born in melbourne	melbourne
what is a movie that has been art directed by anthony caron-delion	anthony caron-delion
what genre is puppet films of jiri trnka a part of ?	puppet films of jiri trnka
what 's one of the subjects covered in the un security council	the un security council
who is the composer of the song if i had $ 1000000	if i had $ 1000000
what is the genre of the film unman , wittering and zigo	unman , wittering and zigo
what is the name of a battle that took place in portugal	portugal
what kind of album is time and love : the essential masters	time and love : the essential masters
what kind of movie is rin tin tin : the test ?	rin tin tin : the test
what type of architecture was the st andrew 's church , willingale	st andrew 's church , willingale
what kind of music is on the album sound of confusion ?	sound of confusion
what is the album content type of the album galerians : rion	galerians : rion
who was the first nsw female minister of education died from cancer	cancer
who is a man who plays the position defender in soccer ?	defender
what is the name of a release produced by the flaming lips	the flaming lips
which artist released the album fight the power ( part 1 )	fight the power ( part 1 )
what is the name of a periodical that focuses on dance music	dance music
which retelling of a classic story was written by langston hughes ?	langston hughes
who is the recording artist of the album let it shine ?	let it shine
what is the genre of the film music box : vol. 2	music box : vol. 2
what is the title of a book authored by liz williams ?	liz williams
which language family is kenyah , kayan river language a part of	kenyah , kayan river language
which language is the film you 'll never amount to anything in	you 'll never amount to anything
which politician was features in the daily show - season 13 ?	the daily show - season 13
what is the name of a city within cook county , illinois	cook county , illinois
what is a public school ( government funded ) in new york	public school
what is the name of a chruch located in landover , maryland	landover , maryland
which asian language is the tv series my beloved spoken in ?	my beloved
which form of music is piano concerto no. 1 composed in ?	piano concerto no. 1
what is a piece of music has the philharmonia orchestra played ?	the philharmonia orchestra
what kind of book is theories of vision from al-kindi to kepler	theories of vision from al-kindi to kepler
what a color of the uniform for the san diego padres ?	san diego padres
what is the name of a city located in mountain time zone	mountain time zone
in what netflix genre is the movie shaolin master and the kid	shaolin master and the kid
what type of licensing does modern touring bicycle with panniers have ?	modern touring bicycle with panniers
what is the name of an asteroid that orbits around the sun	the sun
which book is the 2002 edition of the other boleyn girl ?	the other boleyn girl
what 's a piece of art in the form of a photograph	photograph
what was the industry with integrated device technology as its business operation	integrated device technology
which language is perineum millennium - the in-between years written in ?	perineum millennium - the in-between years
what in canada is le haut-richelieu regional county municipality located at ?	le haut-richelieu regional county municipality
what kind of music is sonic bullets : 13 from the hip	sonic bullets : 13 from the hip
what is the name of a popular germany-based iranian pop music singer	pop music
which country was meat pushin in the seat cushion 4 filmed in	meat pushin in the seat cushion 4
what is the name of a person that was born in manhattan	manhattan
what is the sex of humphrey stafford , earl of stafford ?	humphrey stafford , earl of stafford
what is the genre of the album why are we not perfect	why are we not perfect
what netflix genre does this is a game , ladies fall under	this is a game , ladies
what company published the game tom & jerry : fists of furry	tom & jerry : fists of furry
what is the topic of the book modern american queer history ?	modern american queer history
who is the artist of the album a split of nightmares ?	a split of nightmares
the first congregational church is an example of what kind of building	first congregational church
what type of book is the adventure of the engineer 's thumb	the adventure of the engineer 's thumb
what is the name of the artist that recorded smoke without fire	smoke without fire
which star system does ( 6831 ) 1991 um1 belong to ?	( 6831 ) 1991 um1
what is an instrument that rory block knows how to play ?	rory block
who was the lyricist from the song can i play with madness	can i play with madness
what language was used in the tv program tom & jerry kids	tom & jerry kids
who recorded till the world ends ( the femme fatale remix )	till the world ends ( the femme fatale remix )
what is the art form of christ child with a walking frame	christ child with a walking frame
what indie rock album was the debut album for the antlers ?	indie rock
what kind of music is featured on the album apparitions of melody	apparitions of melody
what is a band that produces music in the genre of speedcore	speedcore
what is the make of the car that dave blaney drives ?	dave blaney
what is a fictional character that is based on leonardo da vinci	leonardo da vinci
what is the genre of the album party animals ( album )	party animals
which genre of music does tony de la rosa play in ?	tony de la rosa
what people group is people of the short blue corn written on	people of the short blue corn
eli cohen , the israeli spy , was born in what city	eli cohen
what 's one of the categories that netflix puts half broken things	half broken things
what is a film that falls under the romantic comedy genre ?	romantic comedy
what is the name of the bridge that crosses the patuxent river	patuxent river
what kind of music does darkest hour ( band ) play ?	darkest hour
what album content type is promises promises ( 1969 studio cast )	promises promises ( 1969 studio cast )
what war was william birdwood , 1st baron birdwood involved in ?	william birdwood , 1st baron birdwood
what is the name of a film adaptation of the book goldfinger	goldfinger
who is the editor of someone like me ( quick read )	someone like me ( quick read )
what 's a movie available in the tamil language category on netflix	tamil language
what is the ethnicity of edward plunkett , 18th baron of dunsany	edward plunkett , 18th baron of dunsany
who is the artist that recorded pour it up ( remix )	pour it up ( remix )
what is a track by nick cave and the bad seeds ?	nick cave and the bad seeds
what is a location in the north american central time zone ?	central time zone
what genre of music is the album the monkees greatest hits ?	greatest hits
which genre of music does the album hullabaloo soundtrack belong to ?	hullabaloo soundtrack
what kind of album is wwe : the music , volume 7	wwe : the music , volume 7
weightlifting at the 2000 summer olympics was included in what event ?	weightlifting at the 2000 summer olympics
what is the name of jervis spencer janney , jr. 's child	jervis spencer janney , jr.
which works are about a female political figure in great britain ?	great britain
what was a body of work that was released as an album	album
what genre of music is the album gia proti fora in ?	gia proti fora
what is the name of a book that subjects around decorative arts	decorative arts
is the truth about mother goose from the united states or england	the truth about mother goose
what series is the one with barry and mindy 's wedding from	the one with barry and mindy 's wedding
what is the genre of the movie el gusto es nuestro ?	el gusto es nuestro
what is a film that geoffrey richman did the editing for ?	geoffrey richman
what type of film is the clay animated movie grass roots ?	grass roots
who was an executive producer on the film super champion funzone ?	super champion funzone
what is the location of jean de selys longchamps 's death ?	jean de selys longchamps
what topic is jeremy fink and the meaning of life written on	jeremy fink and the meaning of life
what is the original language of a son of the people ?	a son of the people
what 's one of the locations where better luck tomorrow was filmed	better luck tomorrow
what track is part of the singles : the first ten years	the singles : the first ten years
who was the writer of the film the punch and judy man	the punch and judy man
what is a track from the album searching for a former clarity	searching for a former clarity
in which language is some people have it worse than me written	some people have it worse than me
what kind of school is holy family cristo rey high school ?	holy family cristo rey high school
who is the producer of workin ' overtime ( club mix )	workin ' overtime ( club mix )
which south american nation is miguel angel landa place of death ?	miguel angel landa
who was the film art director for anand ( 1971 film )	anand
what is the name of a book written by phyllis gotlieb ?	phyllis gotlieb
what song is i 'm every woman a recorded version of ?	i 'm every woman
what kind of release was alexis korner memorial concert , volume 3	alexis korner memorial concert , volume 3
what musical key was used for the composition part of your world	part of your world
who was a guest on the daily show - season 13 ?	the daily show - season 13
which artist recorded in the south ( alassio ) , op. 50	in the south ( alassio ) , op. 50
what country was zillo : mystic sounds , volume 9 released in	zillo : mystic sounds , volume 9
which subject does the book the generation of diversity fall under ?	the generation of diversity
who wrote the tv series `` this is not happening '' ?	this is not happening
what is the name of an american actor and film director ?	actor
( 11185 ) 1998 hs100 is a star in what star system	( 11185 ) 1998 hs100
does requiem of the apocalypse consist of rap or death metal music	requiem of the apocalypse
what label is the artist george clinton ( musician ) under ?	george clinton
what is the architectural style of st. paul 's episcopal church ?	st. paul 's episcopal church
what drug is taken in the form of a subcutaneous injection ?	subcutaneous injection
whats an example of a track from the recording little red rooster	little red rooster
which country did the film zohra : a moroccan fairytale originate in	zohra : a moroccan fairytale
what is the prequel for etrian odyssey ii : heroes of lagaard	etrian odyssey ii : heroes of lagaard
what kind of genre is the new wild west : documentary collection	the new wild west : documentary collection
what type of release was 12 # 1 hits , volume 1	12 # 1 hits , volume 1
girls , girls , girls was a song by what artist ?	girls , girls , girls
what is the area of circulation for the newspaper titled 24 heures	24 heures
what genre of film is the three burials of melquiades estrada ?	the three burials of melquiades estrada
what is the name of a music video directed by marcos siega	marcos siega
in what topic gallery does the image hcv em picture 2 appear	hcv em picture 2
what radio station in miami is known for its adult contemporary music	adult contemporary music
what is the language of the film khichdi : the movie ?	khichdi : the movie
what style of book is a night in the lonesome october ?	a night in the lonesome october
what language was the film flowers in the attic written in ?	flowers in the attic
who is an artist that is from the cameo-parkway records record label	cameo-parkway records
name a dallas governmental building that is the style of romanesque architecture	romanesque architecture
what is the name of a language in the austronesian languages family	austronesian languages
who did the film production design of titanic ( 1997 film )	titanic
what 's a track from total pop ! the first 40 hits	total pop ! the first 40 hits
what sort of book is the amazing adventures of kavalier & clay	the amazing adventures of kavalier & clay
what is the player mode for turok : battle of the bionosaurs	turok : battle of the bionosaurs
who published the game barnyard blast : swine of the night ?	barnyard blast : swine of the night
what 's a drug that acts as a central nervous system stimulant	central nervous system stimulant
what is the album name from which the title track monster comes	monster
what is the name if an english singer-songwriter promoted by jet records	jet records
the netflix title windtalkers is classified as what type of film genre	windtalkers
who is the composer of the composition still in your heart ?	still in your heart
what is the name of a nintendo game developed in 1991 ?	nintendo
who is a character from the book the anger of haruhi suzumiya	the anger of haruhi suzumiya
what is the cvg genre of the videogame sniper : ghost warrior	sniper : ghost warrior
where is mouthful , the wine country 's most delicious hour broadcasted	mouthful , the wine country 's most delicious hour
what is a compilation album nominated for classical album of the year	compilation album
what is an opera produced by the royal opera house , london	royal opera house , london
what language is used in the film the home and the world	the home and the world
who was the film production designer for the film rain man ?	rain man
is max havoc : ring of fire an action film or comedy	max havoc : ring of fire
what is the body of water that runs under bedell covered bridge	bedell covered bridge
what 's one of the songs on the album like a prayer	like a prayer
an album that falls under the genre alternative rock is what ?	alternative rock
who was the costume designer for the the iron curtain film ?	the iron curtain
what is the name of an episode from ross kemp on gangs	ross kemp on gangs
what is the name of an impact crater on the moon ?	impact crater
what language is used in the film mr. and mrs. north ?	mr. and mrs. north
which record is part of democracy ( right wing militia mix )	democracy ( right wing militia mix )
what is joni mitchell most known for in the music industry ?	joni mitchell
what is the royal line of philip i , count of schaumburg-lippe	philip i , count of schaumburg-lippe
what is the format in which junk of myth '92-'95 was released	junk of myth '92-'95
what is a title in the late night comedies genre of netflix	late night comedies
whats an episode from late night with conan o'brien - season 6	late night with conan o'brien - season 6
what country is the film see you in one year ! from	see you in one year !
who did the film production design for the movie without limits ?	without limits
what category of film is anastasia : the czar 's last daughter	anastasia : the czar 's last daughter
what kind of release was if we could only see us now	if we could only see us now
what platform can pocket kingdom : 0wn the w0rld be played on	pocket kingdom : 0wn the w0rld
what is a comic book series that egmont group has published ?	egmont group
the film `` sun come up '' is in what language ?	sun come up
who is the artist that created the recording titled raise my rent	raise my rent
what is the name of a game version developed by pipeworks software	pipeworks software
what kind of music is dancemania speed presents : best of hardcore	dancemania speed presents : best of hardcore
what type of movie is behind the camera : charlie 's angels	behind the camera : charlie 's angels
who was the architect of the structure san giovanni dei fiorentini ?	san giovanni dei fiorentini
what track was named in the release of the ultimate pink panther	the ultimate pink panther
what type of literary work is a cry in the night ?	a cry in the night
who was the director of the theater production `` white '' ?	white
what is a track from boiled in lead ( old lead )	boiled in lead ( old lead )
what southern california city did francisco mercado , jr. die in ?	francisco mercado , jr.
what kind of music can be found on the art of war	the art of war
who is one of the performers that is signed to kindercore records	kindercore records
what are some examples of places in the mountain time zone ?	mountain time zone
what is the subject of the written work queen and country ?	queen and country
what is the name of a neighborhood in san jose , california	san jose , california
of which genre is invisible empire : a new world order defined	invisible empire : a new world order defined
which female artist recorded happy xmas ( war is over ) ?	happy xmas ( war is over )
in which conflict did sir charles monro , 1st baronet participate in	sir charles monro , 1st baronet
which language is spoken in revolutionary memories of bahman who loved leila	revolutionary memories of bahman who loved leila
what is the name of a book from the computer science genre	computer science
what are some of the tracks found in the recording cuba ?	cuba
what is the architectural style of belmont-sheffield trust and savings bank building	belmont-sheffield trust and savings bank building
what type of media is the proscribed royalist , 1651 in ?	the proscribed royalist , 1651
whats the name of the company that published the river of time	the river of time
what language was the film pope john paul ii shot in ?	pope john paul ii
what is the active ingredient in the drug allium cepa 6 tablet	allium cepa 6 tablet
what is the name of the 1950 melodrama directed by earl mcevoy	melodrama
which country is responsible for releasing the film my brother 's keeper	my brother 's keeper
what language was 37 uses for a dead sheep shot in ?	37 uses for a dead sheep
what spanish language is a 2007 film directed by jos luis gutierrez	spanish language
who developed the video game call of duty 4 : modern warfare	call of duty 4 : modern warfare
what is the name of a track from the album compositions ?	compositions
what kind of album is ministry of sound : trance nation 2	ministry of sound : trance nation 2
what is the original language of the war of the worlds book	the war of the worlds
what company created the game ultima iv : quest of the avatar	ultima iv : quest of the avatar
which country does the show un refugio para el amor originate from	un refugio para el amor
what is the album released by reggaeton duo wisin and yandel ?	reggaeton
what type of show would showtime at the apollo be considered as	showtime at the apollo
what country was do n't be a sucker ! released in ?	do n't be a sucker !
tudor place is an example of what kind of architectural style ?	tudor place
what is the name of an episode that norman tokar directed ?	norman tokar
what kind of video game is bone : the great cow race	bone : the great cow race
what is the name of a documentary film that follows a band	documentary film
the olympia , 1961 & 1964 is what type of album ?	the olympia , 1961 & 1964
what is the name of a title from the france netflix genre	france
what is an active ingredient found in docetaxel 10 injectable solution ?	docetaxel 10 injectable solution
what is the name of an episode on the nick cannon show	the nick cannon show
what is the name of a restaurant that makes delicatessen cuisine ?	delicatessen cuisine
what is the genre of the netflix title love story 2050 ?	love story 2050
what family house does princess margaret , countess of snowdon belong to	princess margaret , countess of snowdon
who is the author of the very worst of judge dread album	the very worst of judge dread
which doctor was featured in the book revenge of the judoon ?	revenge of the judoon
what are the names of netflix movies in public broadcasting service ?	public broadcasting service
where in turkey did manuel ii palaiologos ' place of death ?	manuel ii palaiologos
what type of subject is the last real season written in ?	the last real season
who is the artist behind the album titled sto sirio iparhoune pedia	sto sirio iparhoune pedia
what is a heavy metal album made by a german metal ground	heavy metal
what is the language of the composition let the bells ring ?	let the bells ring
whats the title of the release that came from the recording heather	heather
who is the developer of the videogame star trek : conquest ?	star trek : conquest
what female producer is responsible for the decline of western civilization ?	the decline of western civilization
what track is listed on the album notes from the lost civilization	notes from the lost civilization
what book is from the edition and then there were none ?	and then there were none
who 's the artist that sang the song `` always ? ''	always
what is the name of an album that is considered world music	world music
what kind of architectural style is frank b. kellogg house built in	frank b. kellogg house
what is the netflix genre of the title bruiser ( film )	bruiser
what oxidizer is used for the pratt & whitney rocketdyne rs-68 ?	rs-68
whats the name of a track from the release pop : up	pop : up
what is the title of a movie whose genre is romantic comedy	romantic comedy
what type of a game is shark ! hunting the great white	shark ! hunting the great white
what is the name of a defender from the malawi club ?	defender
which regions was the best of simon & garfunkel released in ?	the best of simon & garfunkel
what educational institution does the virginia highlands community college campus belong to	virginia highlands community college
which language is the film matrubhoomi : a nation without women in	matrubhoomi : a nation without women
what is the release type of the album mourir pour des idées	mourir pour des idées
what is a local government area in victoria ( australia ) ?	victoria
what is a film that screened at the 2008 tribeca film festival	2008 tribeca film festival
what country does the film i want to see originate from ?	i want to see
what artist recorded cars ( reworked by flood and rob kirwan )	cars ( reworked by flood and rob kirwan )
what is the gender of the fictional character filia ul copt ?	filia ul copt
what 's the language that four stones for kanemitsu was filmed in	four stones for kanemitsu
which record label did blessed by a broken heart belong to ?	blessed by a broken heart
what is the main focus of the organization nothing but nets ?	nothing but nets
where did the united states senate elections , 2006 take place ?	united states senate elections , 2006
what player mode is available for dance dance revolution ultramix 3 ?	dance dance revolution ultramix 3
what is the name of a blues artist that plays guitar ?	blues
what kind of music is the album nobody wants to be alone	nobody wants to be alone
which european country is dubz from de higher regionz released in ?	dubz from de higher regionz
what is the language of the film world sex tour 5 ?	world sex tour 5
who is a video game designer of bright side of the moon	bright side of the moon
what 's a town in louisiana whose name starts with an n	louisiana
what language is spoken in the cat that lived a million times	the cat that lived a million times
what release is from the track as good as it gets ?	as good as it gets
is soongava : dance of the orchids a romance film or comedy	soongava : dance of the orchids
what is the name of the language that weather storm is in	weather storm
what type of film is marc almond : a lover spurned ?	marc almond : a lover spurned
what kind of music is in christmas remixed : holiday classics re-grooved	christmas remixed : holiday classics re-grooved
what shape does the drug metoclopramide hydrochloride 5 tablet come in ?	metoclopramide hydrochloride 5 tablet
what was the language used in the program the wizard of odds	the wizard of odds
who was the publisher of spyro : year of the dragon ?	spyro : year of the dragon
what is the release that recording dallas is a part of ?	dallas
turn it around is what type of work released by maximumrocknroll ?	turn it around
who published mad ship ( the liveship traders , book 2 )	mad ship ( the liveship traders , book 2 )
what is the instrument that chit chat von loopin stab played ?	chit chat von loopin stab
what type of music is the album where you want to be	where you want to be
what country is lake alexandrina ( south australia ) located in ?	lake alexandrina
what type of music is featured on brass knuckles ( album )	brass knuckles
what is genre of the film the greatest man in the world	the greatest man in the world
who played in the 1993 ncaa men 's division i basketball tournament	1993 ncaa men 's division i basketball tournament
what is a football team in division i ( ncaa ) ?	division i ( ncaa )
what is the canonical version of the recording up all night ?	up all night
what medieval named hotel and casino in located in the united states	united states
whats an example of a book whose subject is about the classics	classics
which animation film that contains an athlete 's experience with drugs ?	animation
what genre of tv program is strain : strategic armored infantry ?	strain : strategic armored infantry
what is the name of the song version from the single fever	fever
what genre of music is the jazz soul of little stevie ?	the jazz soul of little stevie
what was the release type of t·o·s ( terminate on sight )	t·o·s ( terminate on sight )
what is an album in the genre of new wave music ?	new wave music
johann christoph bach was a member of which famous musical family ?	johann christoph bach
which instrument in the band did carlton `` carly '' barrett play	carlton `` carly '' barrett
is universidad de san carlos de guatemala a public or private school	universidad de san carlos de guatemala
which country is the movie the return of captain nemo from ?	the return of captain nemo
which type of music is the voice 2 ～cover lovers rock～ album	voice 2 ～cover lovers rock～
what is the label that released it 's better to travel ?	it 's better to travel
what genre of music is performed by the twelve foot ninja group	twelve foot ninja
what is a main belt minor planet in the solar system ?	solar system
what was the cause of death for brian adams ( wrestler )	brian adams
who was the producer of the recording where is your heart ?	where is your heart
what is a language that is one of the west germanic languages	west germanic languages
what is the name of a track created by tha dogg pound	tha dogg pound
what is the publisher for the game `` castle crashers '' ?	castle crashers
what is the name of a film in the action film genre	action film
who is a director of the tv episode here comes the son	here comes the son
what was william jowitt , 1st earl jowitt 's place of death	william jowitt , 1st earl jowitt
this plant is the subject of a history of florida forests .	a history of florida forests
what musician released reggae anthology : sweet reggae music ( 1979-84 )	reggae anthology : sweet reggae music ( 1979-84 )
who is the artist of dee gee days : the savoy sessions	dee gee days : the savoy sessions
what featured artists was on the album `` perfect timing '' ?	perfect timing
whats the language of the film live freaky ! die freaky !	live freaky ! die freaky !
what is the soundtrack title of the film escaflowne ( film )	escaflowne
whats a subject of the written work japan in war and peace	japan in war and peace
who is the artist that released the album in a time lapse	in a time lapse
what is an example of a western ( genre ) film ?	western
what is the name of a cat breed that comes from canada	canada
what is the name of a horse from the united states ?	united states
what is the subject of the written work mary and the giant	mary and the giant
name of friz freleng 's films that he was a producer on	friz freleng
which country is the film jazztime tale ( tv movie ) from	jazztime tale ( tv movie )
where was the birthplace of hugh grosvenor , 1st duke of westminster	hugh grosvenor , 1st duke of westminster
what is a song off the album the essential bob dylan ?	the essential bob dylan
who was considered to be the greatest portuguese goalkeeper in football ?	goalkeeper
what country created the film minotaur , the wild beast of crete	minotaur , the wild beast of crete
what language is the movie 8 : the mormon proposition available in	8 : the mormon proposition
jenin , jenin is a film that was directed by whom ?	jenin , jenin
what color is associated with the university of new york , prague	university of new york , prague
what 's a song released off of the album 28 golden hits	28 golden hits
what is the content type of the album united we stand ?	united we stand
what is the name of the film directed by ray mccarey ?	ray mccarey
what 's a place listed in the national register of historic places	national register of historic places
what is the netflix genre of the last of his tribe ?	the last of his tribe
who was the executive producer for the film her master 's voice	her master 's voice
what type of genre is a raisin in the sun affiliated with	a raisin in the sun
what is the name of a public school found in spain ?	public school
what genre on netflix is the movie my son the vampire ?	my son the vampire
name the setting of the battle of franklin ( 1864 ) .	battle of franklin
what 's the name of a movie that samuel z. arkoff produced	samuel z. arkoff
what country was the `` children of god '' filmed in ?	children of god
what is the name of the short film by ben holmes ?	short film
what 's a track on 2004-10-06 : toronto , on , canada	2004-10-06 : toronto , on , canada
what is the name of the album composed by sergei prokofiev ?	sergei prokofiev
what is the name of a high school located in lakeland ?	lakeland
who is the author of the written work a return to cooking	a return to cooking
what is a recording from we are never ever getting back together	we are never ever getting back together
what is the netflix genre of steeleye span : classic rock legends	steeleye span : classic rock legends
what is the name of a track off of alternative moments ii	alternative moments ii
what is the name of a song by dj fresh and diplo	song
who 's the executive producer for shut up and play the hits	shut up and play the hits
what was a major event that too place during the falklands war	falklands war
what is the language of the tv series super trio series ?	super trio series
whats the name of the canonical version of the recording mona lisa	mona lisa
what sort of music does willie `` the lion '' smith create	willie `` the lion '' smith
who is the publisher for the game michael jackson 's moonwalker ?	michael jackson 's moonwalker
what is the active ingredient of nabumetone 750 film coated tablet ?	nabumetone 750 film coated tablet
what is the track list for the release what 's left ?	what 's left
who was the lyricist of the song everything louder than everything else	everything louder than everything else
what kind of music is on back to mine : groove armada	back to mine : groove armada
who is a notable figure that was born in new york city	new york city
what is the service type for 32 cowie hill transit line ?	32 cowie hill
which museum held the biedermeier , from craftsmanship to design exhibit ?	biedermeier , from craftsmanship to design
which manufacture produced the drug quetiapine fumarate 300 film coated tablet ?	quetiapine fumarate 300 film coated tablet
which country is fexofenadine hydrochloride 180 film coated tablet available in ?	fexofenadine hydrochloride 180 film coated tablet
whats the subject of the written work the owl and the pussycat	the owl and the pussycat
what country was the film `` greater threat '' filmed in ?	greater threat
what type of genre is `` the x-men # 1 '' ?	the x-men # 1
what is the name of an artist who sings outlaw country ?	outlaw country
what kind of music is the album this time next year ?	this time next year
what genre of music does older ( album ) belong to ?	older
what kind of music is the album something wicked this way comes	something wicked this way comes
david copperfield , the novel , was written in which language ?	david copperfield
what is a film about tornados that was produced by steven spielberg	steven spielberg
is samuel roy mckelvie a citizen of the united states or australia	samuel roy mckelvie
what film is the brave one ( 2007 film ) by ?	the brave one
where in france did georges-louis leclerc , comte de buffon die ?	georges-louis leclerc , comte de buffon
what is the genre of the tv program , buzzer beat ?	buzzer beat
what kind of music does kev gray & the gravy train play	kev gray & the gravy train
what period of visual arts is the work of alfredo volpi ?	alfredo volpi
is survival of the fittest - live a live or studio album	survival of the fittest - live
what is the release type of johnny b. : thirteen hooting hits	johnny b. : thirteen hooting hits
who was one of the founders of the institute of transpersonal psychology	institute of transpersonal psychology
what artist is featured on the best of ub40 , volume 1	the best of ub40 , volume 1
who was a big influence in the work of joshua reynolds ?	joshua reynolds
what language is the film touch of the light recorded in ?	touch of the light
what is the format of the release the return of rock ?	the return of rock
what country is the shushybye dream band live on tour filmed in	the shushybye dream band live on tour
what is the active moiety of formulation of the drug ingredient pyrantel	pyrantel
what is a track from the release club rotation , volume 18	club rotation , volume 18
what 's a film that eric reid was the executive producer on	eric reid
what is the name of the book that is about north america	north america
what is the subject of the book cracking open a coffin ?	cracking open a coffin
where did the 2005 lake sonoma dry creek valley zinfandel wine originate	2005 lake sonoma dry creek valley zinfandel
what netflix genre is the english masters : turner categorized under ?	the english masters : turner
which genre of film is the album the dusk sessions in ?	the dusk sessions
which musician recorded the song pinafore : i 'm called little buttercup	pinafore : i 'm called little buttercup
what is the name of a location in the mountain time zone	mountain time zone
in which country is the labetalol hcl 200 film coated tablet made	labetalol hcl 200 film coated tablet
what is school color of mercy college ( new york ) ?	mercy college
what was the title of sacramento ( audiofly remix ) canonical version	sacramento ( audiofly remix )
what are some of the tracks listed in one man band ?	one man band
what is the genre of the book `` blood pact '' ?	blood pact
what is the school color of university of maryland , college park	university of maryland , college park
what is the release type of the album rocks the house !	rocks the house !
who is the manufacturer of the caduet 2.5/20 film coated tablet ?	caduet 2.5/20 film coated tablet
what is the original language of the book wizard 's first rule	wizard 's first rule
what is the art form of the visual artist matthias gerung ?	matthias gerung
what is a city that follows the central european time zone ?	central european time zone
what is the pertinent type of the area kingdom of the netherlands	kingdom of the netherlands
what is the name of a game developed by free radical design	free radical design
whats a movie title that is considered to be an india genre	india
what is a island that is a part of thousand islands ?	thousand islands
what is the publisher who published the book a town like alice	a town like alice
who is the artist on the recording how deep is the ocean	how deep is the ocean
which european country is the film cheeky ! released in netflix ?	cheeky !
where is one center of concentration for the chinese community in india	chinese community in india
what 's the subject of waiting for the wild beasts to vote	waiting for the wild beasts to vote
who published the video game case closed : the mirapolis investigation ?	case closed : the mirapolis investigation
which country filmed the diary of anne frank ( 1959 film )	the diary of anne frank
what is the type of crime that happened to brianna denison ?	brianna denison
what is the legal status of the drug amoxicillin 40 suspension ?	amoxicillin 40 suspension
what songs are by erich kunzel and the cincinnati pops orchestra ?	erich kunzel and the cincinnati pops orchestra
who is the musician that created around the world in 77 minutes	around the world in 77 minutes
what is the album content type of one step at a time	one step at a time
name a track from the album the world 's greatest metallica tribute	the world 's greatest metallica tribute
what 's one of the subjects tackled in a rumor of war	a rumor of war
what type of genre is red river renegades titled under netflix ?	red river renegades
who was the cinematographer for the film the upside of anger ?	the upside of anger
what type of release type was the album no one home ?	no one home
who is an artist on the warner music group record label ?	warner music group
what is the content type of the album unlock your mind ?	unlock your mind
what is the release type of the album wander this world ?	wander this world
what is the name of a game in the action-adventure game category	action-adventure game
what 's the name of a team that plays in conte forum	conte forum
what book , named after a year , is a suspense book	suspense
which country is israel in a time of terror filmed in ?	israel in a time of terror
what is a title from the latin american cinema genre in netflix	latin american cinema
what language is used in the tv program return to river cottage	return to river cottage
what is the second studio electronic dance music album by émilie simon	electronic dance music
what is the genre of the book the guns of the south	the guns of the south
what kind of film is leaders in battle : oliver cromwell ?	leaders in battle : oliver cromwell
what type of album is unreleased 1 : mary 's eyes ?	unreleased 1 : mary 's eyes
what is a version of evolution ( feat. fontella bass ) ?	evolution ( feat. fontella bass )
what was the original written language of the adventures of sherlock holmes	the adventures of sherlock holmes
what are the school colors of booker t. washington high school ?	booker t. washington high school
what genre is hawthorne , ca : birthplace of a musical legacy	hawthorne , ca : birthplace of a musical legacy
professor albus dumbledore is a character that appears in what book ?	professor albus dumbledore
what type of film is telstar : the joe meek story ?	telstar : the joe meek story
which subject is the book transcribing and editing oral history in ?	transcribing and editing oral history
whats the title of a film whose production company is universal studios	universal studios
which subject is the book baby-sitting is a dangerous job in ?	baby-sitting is a dangerous job
what language is the film the killing of a chinese bookie in	the killing of a chinese bookie
what are the colors of the university of puerto rico at utuado	university of puerto rico at utuado
what is the name of the star in the cluster ngc 4755	star
who directed the film your pretty face is going to hell ?	your pretty face is going to hell
who wrote the book about moomin , mymble and little my ?	the book about moomin , mymble and little my
name of the eighth busiest line on the network of paris metro	paris metro
which main country is kaqchikel , south central language spoken in ?	kaqchikel , south central language
what is the university of wisconsin system a notable type of ?	university of wisconsin system
in what country does the film jagten på kæledyret take place ?	jagten på kæledyret
which city has new zealand state highway 2 as a main road	new zealand state highway 2
what language do characters commentate with in the film in neighboring kingdoms	in neighboring kingdoms
what is a song from hang 11 : mutant surf punks ?	hang 11 : mutant surf punks
what 's a film available under the political drama section on netflix	political drama
what is an edition of middlemarch : a study of provincial life	middlemarch : a study of provincial life
what subject does the creation of the world or globalization talk about	the creation of the world or globalization
what is the genre of the film a fox in a fix	a fox in a fix
what is a popular format to listen to let em ave it	let em ave it
what language is used in the film it 's your war too	it 's your war too
what is the genre on netflix for big deal on madonna street	big deal on madonna street
who was the producer of the recording if it 's in you	if it 's in you
what is a movie that you can find under netflix comedies ?	comedies
on what peter nero album can you find the track taxi ?	taxi
what is an example of a film that is an action film	action film
the wind journeys can be categorized as what type of film ?	the wind journeys
what college can be accessed by flying to the london heathrow airport	london heathrow airport
who is the singer of the track dating game , part 2	dating game , part 2
what composition is on the album keepin ' the summer alive ?	keepin ' the summer alive
what is an active ingredient in saquinavir 200 liquid filled capsule ?	saquinavir 200 liquid filled capsule
what star system does ( 90987 ) 1997 xm11 belong to ?	( 90987 ) 1997 xm11
what is the subject of the piece of art the yellow house	the yellow house
the pleasure of my company was originally written in which language ?	the pleasure of my company
which chromosome does myeloid cell leukemia sequence 1 ( bcl2-related ) affect	myeloid cell leukemia sequence 1 ( bcl2-related )
what was the name of the author of experiments in plant hybridisation	experiments in plant hybridisation
what is the subject of rambo : first blood part ii ?	rambo : first blood part ii
what genre of music does peggy sue and the pirates play ?	peggy sue and the pirates
what language do the characters speak in janosik : a true story	janosik : a true story
who is the writer of the last day of a condemned man	the last day of a condemned man
what type of book is the mystery of the yellow room ?	the mystery of the yellow room
what type of film is kara no kyōkai : oblivion recorder ?	kara no kyōkai : oblivion recorder
what region was friday night at the trabi races released in ?	friday night at the trabi races
what 's a track off the release the very best of ultravox	the very best of ultravox
what is the name of the newspaper is circulation in coweta ?	coweta
where in new york city is jefferson market library located in ?	jefferson market library
who is the developer of the videogame guitar hero : aerosmith ?	guitar hero : aerosmith
the kansas city chiefs were the home team in what game ?	kansas city chiefs
what is a track on the release kiss on my list ?	kiss on my list
who is the publisher of the book edition fire to fire ?	fire to fire
in what language was for the love of a girl filmed in	for the love of a girl
what is the name of a track by artist gidon kremer ?	gidon kremer
what is a book that was written about the september 11 attacks	september 11 attacks
what film genre is out of sight , out of mind ?	out of sight , out of mind
what genre of music does the artist kimberley locke belong to ?	kimberley locke
what competition involved the ultimate fighter : team rousey vs. team tate	the ultimate fighter : team rousey vs. team tate
what type of art form is elaine de kooning known for ?	elaine de kooning
what is the art form of the visual artist max magnus norman	max magnus norman
what is the name of the city where walter bullock died ?	walter bullock
what is the subject of the written work of zachary taylor ?	zachary taylor
what is the title of a movie that is a documentary film	documentary film
who is the author of persuasion ( everyman 's library classics )	persuasion ( everyman 's library classics )
bago , negros occidental is an administrative division in which country ?	bago , negros occidental
what is a public school ( government funded ) in new york	public school
what distinguished canadian poet and novelist authored the book , david ?	david
what is a town in the north american central time zone ?	central time zone
what is the name of a person that was born in thailand	thailand
what 's a track on shoot out at the ok chinese restaurant	shoot out at the ok chinese restaurant
which tracks are found in the album say it with fire ?	say it with fire
who is a writer for the episode baby love ( 1 )	baby love ( 1 )
what are the force units used in the international system of units	international system of units
what is a previous work in the series anne of the island	anne of the island
which body of water surrounds the north possession island , torres strait	north possession island , torres strait
what is the title of an album by artist stroke 9 ?	stroke 9
what collection category does hard rock barbie doll # g7915 belong to	hard rock barbie doll # g7915
who is the artist that recorded for ev'ry one who feels inclined	for ev'ry one who feels inclined
what is the topic of the written work the celebration of life	the celebration of life
who is the judge that resided over the bolton v madsen case	bolton v madsen
what is the subject matter of the book going to the wars	going to the wars
what entity is the subject of mongol conquest of the song dynasty	mongol conquest of the song dynasty
who was the creator of the show k-ville ( tv series )	k-ville
what are the routes taken with the phycomyces 0.05 injectable solution ?	phycomyces 0.05 injectable solution
what physical format was swing this , baby ! iii released on	swing this , baby ! iii
which festival was the haunted house ( 1921 film ) showed in	the haunted house
what is duncan ball most noted for in the literature industry ?	duncan ball
what is the star system that 5456 merman is located in ?	5456 merman
what was the release format of the album 101 % euphoria anthems	101 % euphoria anthems
what is the name of a person who was born in silesia	silesia
what 's the name of a high school in independence , missouri	high school
what is the original language of the book tales from planet earth	tales from planet earth
who recorded symphony no. 9 in d minor , op. 125 ?	symphony no. 9 in d minor , op. 125
what type of videogame is combat flight simulator wwii europe series ?	combat flight simulator wwii europe series
what is the genre of the album the lover in me ?	the lover in me
what language was the other side of the sky written in ?	the other side of the sky
in what film format was the movie the silence filmed in ?	the silence
what is an example of architecture with a gothic revival architecture style	gothic revival architecture
who was the european producer for last life in the universe ?	last life in the universe
what is the name of a version of the single oklahoma ?	oklahoma
where was the discovery of ( 12971 ) 4054 t-3 made ?	( 12971 ) 4054 t-3
who was the production designer on the motion picture bombay talkie ?	bombay talkie
what is the name of a township within the state of indiana	indiana
what are the colors for the sports team sacramento river cats ?	sacramento river cats
what is the name of a book written about cultural revolution ?	cultural revolution
what is the release type of the lp steal yer heart ?	steal yer heart
who wrote the story for the tv series episode plane death ?	plane death
what is the name of a track on the recording closer ?	closer
what kind of video game is wario land : shake it !	wario land : shake it !
who is the artist from the recording oops ( oh my )	oops ( oh my )
is academy of notre dame de namur a private or public school	academy of notre dame de namur
this city can be found in the us state of ohio .	ohio
colors is a a recording that spawned what self titled track ?	colors
what was the main area of activism that franz murer participated in	franz murer
which artist recorded the album sem limite ( disc 1 ) ?	sem limite
what is one of the bus transit lines located in london ?	bus
what is the genre of the video game def jam : icon	def jam : icon
what is a series that is part of blade of fire ?	blade of fire
who 's a film actor who is also of the indian people	indian people
what is a small town located in piatt county , illinois ?	piatt county
where was the film public enemies ( 2009 film ) shot ?	public enemies
where does the jurisdiction of secretary of state of south dakota reach	secretary of state of south dakota
which is the name of a drug available in tablet form ?	tablet
what type of school is franz liszt academy of music , budapest	franz liszt academy of music , budapest
what is the subject of the written work titled women in love	women in love
what genre of music is the sensational alex harvey band known for	alex harvey
what type of release was once upon a time : the singles	once upon a time : the singles
what subject matter does game over : kasparov and the machine cover	game over : kasparov and the machine
is i do n't want to go to bed post-rock or hip-hop	i do n't want to go to bed
what is the name of the german eurodance duo performing ambient music	ambient music
what general subject is performance truck & automotive repair a topic of	performance truck & automotive repair
whats the name of an organization whose scope is kingston upon hull	kingston upon hull
what is the region that song of times was released in ?	song of times
what gaming company worked on the legend of zelda : twilight princess	the legend of zelda : twilight princess
what unreleased third-person shooter/survival horror game was co-developed by irrational games ?	irrational games
what is the name of a city located in the united states	united states
what is the track list on the release who 's that girl	who 's that girl
which language is the film valley of the wolves : palestine in	valley of the wolves : palestine
what kind of release is the very best of harry belafonte ?	the very best of harry belafonte
name an artist that plays music of the progressive metal genre .	progressive metal
who was the forward football player that is also a coach ?	forward
what is the name of a track by the artist tony bennett	tony bennett
what 's one of the albums that the everly brothers put out	the everly brothers
what was the release for the release track i miss you ?	i miss you
what is a film that was produced by the company cruise/wagner productions	cruise/wagner productions
what kind of music can be found on the album called irrelevant	irrelevant
what 's the title track on close encounters of the third kind	close encounters of the third kind
what is the name of a biography about the king of pop	biography
which films are considered to be western ( genre ) films ?	western
what is the name of a coastal city located in thane district	thane district
what type of rock album is dirk wears white sox classified as	dirk wears white sox
what are the names of the tracks from the album free ?	free
what is the country of origin for back in the day ?	back in the day
what is the title of a game in the fire emblem series	fire emblem
who produced the lord of the rings : the two towers ?	the lord of the rings : the two towers
what kind of school is st john 's cofe primary school ?	st john 's cofe primary school
what is an island located in united states minor outlying islands ?	united states minor outlying islands
what region was café del mar : dreams 4 released in ?	café del mar : dreams 4
which genre does the book the sacred art of stealing belong to	the sacred art of stealing
what kind of book is i may not get there with you	i may not get there with you
in which northern state is the minneapolis college of art and design	minneapolis college of art and design
what celestial body does the ( 16538 ) 1991 po12 orbit ?	( 16538 ) 1991 po12
which prominent family is princess christina , mrs. magnuson a member of	princess christina , mrs. magnuson
whats the name of a artist whose musical genre is progressive metal	progressive metal
what was the name of the town morten jørgensen was born in	morten jørgensen
who was the artist behind walking into everywhere ( disc 2 )	walking into everywhere ( disc 2 )
what is the canonical version of president ( iamx accident mix )	president ( iamx accident mix )
what is the name of a city located in pine county ?	pine county
what is the name of a film that friz freleng directed ?	friz freleng
what 's a college sporting event that took place in oklahoma city	oklahoma city
which swiss conductor 's cause of death is myocardial infarction ?	myocardial infarction
what is the track los angeles is a recording of ?	los angeles
which military was involved in the second battle of fort fisher	second battle of fort fisher
what kind of temperament is the pembroke welsh corgi known for	pembroke welsh corgi
what is the release type of the album the soul sessions	the soul sessions
what is a recording off the release to the sea ?	to the sea
what is a building in maryland that features greek revival architecture	greek revival architecture
what is the name of a game in the gambling industry	gambling
what 's the name of a popular japanese to portuguese dictionary	dictionary
what genre of album is magico : carta de amor ?	magico : carta de amor
in which language is the wonderman of the shaolin film spoken	wonderman of the shaolin
which track is in the release play : the guitar album	play : the guitar album
who is the program creator of the show la vendetta ?	la vendetta
which artist composed the masterpiece collection , volume 10 : vivaldi	the masterpiece collection , volume 10 : vivaldi
what airport is aruba marriott resort & stellaris casino next to	aruba marriott resort & stellaris casino
name some games designed by dave grossman ( game developer )	dave grossman
who is a person who is one of the british people	british people
what was the track list for the release country songs ?	country songs
who was the executive produced of red road ( film )	red road
was dawn cody born in washington , d.c. or washington state	dawn cody
which european nation is the fit of passion filmed in ?	the fit of passion
what is the architectural style of the belmont club/john young house	belmont club/john young house
what is the name of a track produced by the normal	the normal
what 's a song on the track list of get this	get this
what is the name of a work done by gary paulsen	gary paulsen
what was go your own way ( outtake ) released on	go your own way ( outtake )
what book is saint pierre and miquelon an edition of ?	saint pierre and miquelon
what is the name of a track made by miliyah kato	miliyah kato
who was the author editor of moby-dick : a picture voyage	moby-dick : a picture voyage
who was the predecessor of khufu , the ancient egyptian pharaoh	khufu
what is the subject of the book in praise of wisdom	in praise of wisdom
what artists did coloring for the cover of batman # 427	batman # 427
what type of music is `` by all means '' ?	by all means
which school subject does the history of ancient egypt fall under	history of ancient egypt
what are some examples of a work by kevin danaher ?	kevin danaher
what is the district seat for the de rural trier-saarburg district	trier-saarburg
what 's a movie where stuart ford was the executive producer	stuart ford
what genre is the things that are most in the world	the things that are most in the world
what is the active ingredient in ribavirin 600 film coated tablet	ribavirin 600 film coated tablet
what kind of game is super monkey ball : banana blitz	super monkey ball : banana blitz
what is a live album by polish jazz band nrd ?	live album
what is a song off the self-titled album george harrison ?	george harrison
which 2009 political drama film was released as a documentary ?	political drama
what is a recorded version of time to say goodbye ?	time to say goodbye
20 exitos ( disc 1 ) was released in what country	20 exitos ( disc 1 )
what art form is white angel breadline , san francisco considered	white angel breadline , san francisco
what type of celestial object is ( 101180 ) 1998 sh9	( 101180 ) 1998 sh9
who were the members of the fictional organization ravenclaw house ?	ravenclaw house
what was the release type of the album this is jazz	this is jazz
what is the title of a track produced by lars ulrich	lars ulrich
what is the genre of the netflix title no greater love	no greater love
what transit system is n10 - downtown/richmond nightbus a part of	n10 - downtown/richmond nightbus
what is the name of a book that deals with aeronautics	aeronautics
who is a film director that was born in aarhus ?	aarhus
in what format was ictus / this thing called dying released	ictus / this thing called dying
how was the compilation of this is your life released ?	this is your life
what language is used for the movie the last good time	the last good time
what 's a town that u.s. route 1 business runs through	u.s. route 1 business
where in england was rik mayall 's place of birth ?	rik mayall
in which language was the last temptation of christ originally written	the last temptation of christ
what type of music is how to abduct a highland lord	how to abduct a highland lord
who is the artist off the album battle for the sun	battle for the sun
where in the united states is cheat mountain located in ?	cheat mountain
what is the time period in the book horace chase ?	horace chase
who was the film art director for the film robin hood	robin hood
what is the title of an artwork by sebastiano del piombo	sebastiano del piombo
what is the netflix genre of the film three came home	three came home
what is the event that took place at transvaal province ?	transvaal province
what is the legal status of betamethasone valerate 1.2 cream ?	betamethasone valerate 1.2 cream
what is the name of the album with the track closer	closer
name a language that is based off of niger–congo languages .	niger–congo languages
whats the netflix genre of the film the mirror crack 'd	the mirror crack 'd
who recorded the song natural blues ( single version ) ?	natural blues ( single version )
which region can you find people that speak the merei language	merei language
what is a film that charles strouse contributed music for ?	charles strouse
what is the track that samsara is a recording of ?	samsara
what is the topic of the written piece making gay history	making gay history
what type of painting is the view of valkhof at nijmegen	the view of valkhof at nijmegen
what royal line does francis i of france come from ?	francis i of france
which english band has peaceville records as their record label ?	peaceville records
what country was tracey ullman : live and exposed from ?	tracey ullman : live and exposed
what kind of a film is secrets of an actress ?	secrets of an actress
what 's a movie that credits willy pogany as the director	willy pogany
what is a city within fort bend county , texas ?	fort bend county
what 's the name of a studio album by dj drama	studio album
what type of storage does canon powershot a1000 is support ?	canon powershot a1000 is
what was the cause of carolyn kelly wallach 's death ?	carolyn kelly wallach
which netflix genre is the jewel in the crown categorized under	the jewel in the crown
how was rosemary 's baby / the fearless vampire killers released	rosemary 's baby / the fearless vampire killers
what kind of music is featured on the album wild. club'in	wild. club'in
what is the genre of the book medieval culture and society	medieval culture and society
what musical genre is syr8 : andre sider af sonic youth	syr8 : andre sider af sonic youth
what 's a song off of my father and my son	my father and my son
name a characterfrom the book batman : the dark knight returns	batman : the dark knight returns
what genre does the everly brothers sing great country hits represent	the everly brothers sing great country hits
where is the basketball hall of fame in the united states	basketball hall of fame
who is the british pop artist that appeared in wqsr ?	wqsr
what 's a planetary body that exists within our solar system	solar system
what is the name of an artist that makes ska music	ska
what is the dosage form for cyclobenzaprine hydrochloride 10 tablet ?	cyclobenzaprine hydrochloride 10 tablet
what is language is the composition when in rome in ?	when in rome
what is the name of a rhythm and blues album ?	rhythm and blues
what is a track by g. love & special sauce ?	g. love & special sauce
which language is the film the strength of donald mckenzie in	the strength of donald mckenzie
what is the artist who performs in the pop rock genre	pop rock
what is the topic of the book now you see her	now you see her
what is a minor belt plant that orbits the sun ?	the sun
what type of movie is the neflix film blood ties ?	blood ties
which artist released at her very best : dusty springfield ?	at her very best : dusty springfield
who is the publisher of the hellgate : london game ?	hellgate : london
what is one of the subjects of anatomy of a war	anatomy of a war
whats the name of a program whose genre was television special	television special
who is the publisher of μtorrent ( included game ) ?	μtorrent ( included game )
what genre is disorder 4 : ride the lightning found under	disorder 4 : ride the lightning
what gender is spike ( buffy the vampire slayer ) ?	spike
what country does shoot first , die later originate from ?	shoot first , die later
what city and state in america did pete candoli pass away	pete candoli
what is the name of a city on the garonne river	garonne river
which languages were spoken in the film bunker hill bunny ?	bunker hill bunny
what is the lowest grade taught in metro tech high school	metro tech high school
what book edition is published by charles baxter ( author )	charles baxter
greville janner , baron janner of braunstone is of what ethnicity	greville janner , baron janner of braunstone
what are the team colors of weber state wildcats football ?	weber state wildcats football
what 's the name of one of ghassan tueni 's parents	ghassan tueni
what is the name of a program that features live action	live action
which tracks are part of the roll over beethoven recording ?	roll over beethoven
what music genre is the album life is full of possibilities	life is full of possibilities
what is the form of the composition you win again ?	you win again
what language is used in the film how a mosquito operates	how a mosquito operates
what film did rosemary burrows do the costume design for ?	rosemary burrows
what song can be found on the musical album subterranean ?	subterranean
who was the author of bill , the galactic hero ?	bill , the galactic hero
what are some examples of albums by simon and garfunkel ?	simon and garfunkel
what type of computer video game is astra super stars ?	astra super stars
what kind of album is the very best of sailor ?	the very best of sailor
which artist made the album nasa music 2 : space dreams	nasa music 2 : space dreams
what genre of film does the big road belong to ?	the big road
name a thriller ( genre ) film from the 2000 's	thriller
what is the administrative parent of metropolitan borough of rochdale ?	metropolitan borough of rochdale
which road movie did jerry wunderlich designed the set for ?	jerry wunderlich
which genre is dragon ball z : broly – second coming	dragon ball z : broly – second coming
what type of book is the far shore of time ?	the far shore of time
name a piece of art that is made from oil paint	oil paint
to what film did hamilton deane receive film story credits ?	hamilton deane
what type of release was charms of the night sky ?	charms of the night sky
what 's a song on stark naked and absolutely live ?	stark naked and absolutely live
what movie genre is pillow talk ( film ) categorized as	pillow talk
what is another name for devon w. carbado 's black ethnicity	devon w. carbado
what record is part of santa claus is coming to town	santa claus is coming to town
what is the spell of the black dagger categorized as ?	the spell of the black dagger
what was arabic political memoirs and other studies written about ?	arabic political memoirs and other studies
what kind of release was forbidden broadway : rude awakening ?	forbidden broadway : rude awakening
the book remember me is a part of what series ?	remember me
what is the name of the soundtrack for the movie soldier	soldier
who is the artist on the album overkill ( album )	overkill
what is a location contained within georgia ( u.s. state )	georgia
what platform is the game the matrix online made for ?	the matrix online
where was monday morning all right for party originally released ?	monday morning all right for party
what kind of music can be found on home for christmas	home for christmas
what is peter cattaneo recognized for in the movie industry ?	peter cattaneo
what is the name of a pornographic hungarian film star ?	hungarian
dutch artist birgit schuurman is associated with which record label ?	birgit schuurman
what division is the western illinois leathernecks men 's basketball in	western illinois leathernecks men 's basketball
what type of music is where am i going ? ?	where am i going ?
what is the name of a program created by dick clement	dick clement
what star in the milky way galaxy does 17909 nikhilshukla orbit	17909 nikhilshukla
who wrote the film walk hard : the dewey cox story	walk hard : the dewey cox story
what is a stop along the route 32 - 32nd street	route 32 - 32nd street
who is the mother of edward , king of portugal ?	edward , king of portugal
what literary genre is days of war , nights of love	days of war , nights of love
what type of music genre is `` carrying on '' ?	carrying on
is the very best of the jam an album or dvd	the very best of the jam
who was the production designer for the film daddy day camp	daddy day camp
what type of rock is in the eye of the storm	in the eye of the storm
what genre of film is 1320 : a west coast story	1320 : a west coast story
what is the name of a book written by jon rappoport	jon rappoport
which city is west london institute of higher education based in	west london institute of higher education
what is the name of a person who is an architect	architect
what classification is the drug sodium sulfacetamide and sulfur 0.05 kit	sodium sulfacetamide and sulfur 0.05 kit
what organization is responsible for publishing god of the golden fleece	god of the golden fleece
what is the name of a film that patrick lussier edited	patrick lussier
who is the screenplay writer for merry christmas , mr. lawrence	merry christmas , mr. lawrence
what is the primary subject of the work the wild one	the wild one
what type of architectural style is the borley rectory in ?	borley rectory
what is a neighborhood in birmingham , alabama , metropolitan area	birmingham , alabama , metropolitan area
which artist is apart if the victory records record label ?	victory records
what is the official school color of hialeah high school ?	hialeah high school
what is the genre for the movie way of the vampire	way of the vampire
who did film art direction for the film remember the day	remember the day
which netflix genre does 21 ( 2008 film ) fall under	21
what is a game with deathmatch ( gaming ) mode ?	deathmatch
what is the color for the school university of the west	university of the west
what is the name of a famous work using oil paint	oil paint
who was the author for the fourth book of lost swords	the fourth book of lost swords
what country is the film the world of interiors from ?	the world of interiors
in which of the different possible formats was hollywood released ?	hollywood
what song came from the recording bullet ( bullion ) ?	bullet ( bullion )
in which country was the the incredible 2-headed transplant movie produce	the incredible 2-headed transplant
what is the name of an artist signed to epic records	epic records
what is an episode on kenny 's world - season 1	kenny 's world - season 1
whats an example of an artist who performs contemporary classical music	contemporary classical music
what is the originating country for the film thiruppu munai ?	thiruppu munai
what is a movie that the teddy bears contributed music for	the teddy bears
what is a part of the series ishmael ( novel )	ishmael
which airline has its base at the nashville international airport ?	nashville international airport
what is an asteroid in the solar system discovered in 1960	solar system
what is egypt a notable type of , except a country	egypt
what are the active moieties in the drug neomycin/polymyxin b/bacitracin ?	neomycin/polymyxin b/bacitracin
what kind of music does middle class ( band ) make	middle class
what is an episode of the tv program the twilight zone	the twilight zone
what type of picture files does the fujifilm finepix s602z produce	fujifilm finepix s602z
what type of film is wolfgang sawallisch : hindemith : cardillac	wolfgang sawallisch : hindemith : cardillac
what is a book by michael lewis ( author ) ?	michael lewis
which movie genre is firefighter ! daigo of fire company m	firefighter ! daigo of fire company m
what language is the movie my first time driving in ?	my first time driving
what is an album that has album as a release type	album
which california theme park is mickey 's toontown located in ?	mickey 's toontown
who designed the costumes for from the earth to the moon	from the earth to the moon
what european language is spoken in how is it going ?	how is it going ?
what category is spur award for best juvenile nonfiction classified as	spur award for best juvenile nonfiction
what is the legal status of azelastine hydrochloride 205.5 metered spray	azelastine hydrochloride 205.5 metered spray
what is the type of album of essential recordings 1955-1961 ?	essential recordings 1955-1961
what album content type is the album i feel good ?	i feel good
what kind of film genre is the movie der 20. juli	der 20. juli
what is the dosage form of hydrogen peroxide 3e-06 liquid ?	hydrogen peroxide 3e-06 liquid
what 's the central tenant of the pashtoons social democratic party	pashtoons social democratic party
what is the subject of swann v. charlotte-mecklenburg board of education	swann v. charlotte-mecklenburg board of education
what is a song that david gilmour wrote the lyrics for	david gilmour
what netflix genre does jeena sirf merre liye belong to ?	jeena sirf merre liye
which film was stanley j. weyman the film story contributor for	stanley j. weyman
what film is a type of thriller ( genre ) ?	thriller
what is the status of one seed juniper 0.1 injectable solution	one seed juniper 0.1 injectable solution
what is the title of a spanish language netlfix film ?	spanish language
who is the lyricist of ca n't get there from here	ca n't get there from here
who wrote the story for halloween h20 : 20 years later	halloween h20 : 20 years later
a computer virus is the subject of which written work ?	computer virus
what subject is the written work the department of labor ?	the department of labor
what 's a census designated area within lee county , florida	lee county
who is an artist known their art form being painting ?	painting
which is the name of a book written about asia ?	asia
what movie did william gillette do the film story credits for	william gillette
which man has the occupation of being a film producer ?	film producer
what 's a movie that credits axel hellstenius as a writer	axel hellstenius
what is the topic of mrs. pollifax and the second thief	mrs. pollifax and the second thief
which film did warren clymer serve as the art director for	warren clymer
dr. lawrence branch young house is located in what state ?	dr. lawrence branch young house
what is a game you can play on dos platform ?	dos
what is the name of a film directed by fred paul	fred paul
what 's a power or ability that jacob black possesses ?	jacob black
who 's a brazilian musician who gets categorized under world music	world music
who did the art direction for jailhouse rock ( film )	jailhouse rock
the house at pooh corner is what type of literary work	the house at pooh corner
what 2009 film is victor hadida an executive producer of ?	victor hadida
who is the author of market forces ( gollancz ) ?	market forces ( gollancz )
in what parts of the body can epinephrine be found ?	epinephrine
what music genre does ian broudie 's music fall under ?	ian broudie
what is the name of an object of an asteroid ?	asteroid
name an english writer who created the sodam yat fictional character	sodam yat
what country was have you got any castles ? filmed in	have you got any castles ?
which artist made the album greatest slow jams , volume 1	greatest slow jams , volume 1
where in norway was steffen nystrøm 's place of birth ?	steffen nystrøm
what is the name of an album by fairport convention ?	fairport convention
what country is donepezil hydrochloride 5 film coated tablet sold in	donepezil hydrochloride 5 film coated tablet
what 's an artist that is played on radioio country mix	radioio country mix
what is an active ingredient in valdecoxib 20 film coated tablet	valdecoxib 20 film coated tablet
what is the sex of james brooks ( whig ) ?	james brooks
who was the publisher for the book running with the demon	running with the demon
which nation is main prem ki diwani hoon filmed at ?	main prem ki diwani hoon
who was the namesake of thomas hart benton ( painter )	thomas hart benton
what type of binding does the cradle will fall have ?	the cradle will fall
what is the unit size of 14th new hampshire volunteer infantry	14th new hampshire volunteer infantry
whats the title of a compilation album by the statler brothers	compilation album
what kind of powers does the character shadow thief have ?	shadow thief
how is the drug bouteloua gracilis pollen 50 injectable solution administered	bouteloua gracilis pollen 50 injectable solution
what gaming platform is star trek : voyager elite force on	star trek : voyager elite force
what weight division is boxer guty espadas , jr. in ?	guty espadas , jr.
what 's a movie produced by paramount pictures starring jack black	paramount pictures
what is the name of a alternative rock by blue october	alternative rock
which genre is dolly : the seeker/we used to affiliated with	dolly : the seeker/we used to
where was the album he is never coming back released ?	he is never coming back
what type of film is the three musketeers considered to be	the three musketeers
what 's a game that 's part of the burnout series	burnout
what is a written piece done by the author jerry bailey	jerry bailey
what is the production company of zodiac ( film ) ?	zodiac
what is the name of a female marvel universe character ?	marvel universe
in which country was the last shot you hear filmed ?	the last shot you hear
what type of area is east new york , brooklyn ?	east new york , brooklyn
what music is in the film a fierce green fire ?	a fierce green fire
what is a title of a film in the classics genre	classics
what city is museums , libraries and archives council located in	museums , libraries and archives council
who is a character in the book the wages of sin	the wages of sin
what kind of album is the best of the decca years	the best of the decca years
who is the artist of `` the ultimate collection '' ?	the ultimate collection
who is the author of the education of the spirit ?	the education of the spirit
what is the composition of girls just want to have fun	girls just want to have fun
what is a grand theft auto cdv published by rockstar games	rockstar games
who was the artist responsible for the sweetheart of the rodeo	the sweetheart of the rodeo
what type of artwork is girl interrupted at her music ?	girl interrupted at her music
who is the rapper singer of the i like album ?	i like
what kind of art is the artwork counter-composition viii in ?	counter-composition viii
im what star system does ( 5985 ) 1942 rj reside	( 5985 ) 1942 rj
who was the author editor of the book edition queen victoria	queen victoria
what type of record released german rock scene , volume 5	german rock scene , volume 5
what country does the film the black hole take place ?	the black hole
what is the name of an artist from the recording drifting	drifting
who was the author for the written work titled the fire	the fire
which are some of the releases in the album believe ?	believe
which film was in the 2012 south by southwest film festival	2012 south by southwest film festival
what is the name of an important greek music composer ?	composer
what country is the grand lake ( colorado ) located within	grand lake
what kind of transit is n9 - downtown/coquitlam station nightbus ?	n9 - downtown/coquitlam station nightbus
what type of music is on the best of cusco ?	the best of cusco
what was the main content of the book the daydreamer '	the daydreamer
what is a language that belongs to the austronesian languages family	austronesian languages
what is the active ingredient moieties of the etodolac 300 capsule	etodolac 300 capsule
what is a language that was spoken by guillermo gómez rivera	guillermo gómez rivera
is total eclipse anthology a pop rock album or hip-hop album	total eclipse anthology
who was the film production designer of the film antz ?	antz
what is a gameplay mode from the game gears of war	gears of war
what is the religion of st. george 's , bloomsbury ?	st. george 's , bloomsbury
what movie is considered to be a foreign action & adventure	foreign action & adventure
what is the status of the drug sodium chloride 0.007 spray	sodium chloride 0.007 spray
who is the producer of the recording march of the celts	march of the celts
who is the artist of the album fight to survive ?	fight to survive
who is an artist on the record label roc-a-fella records ?	roc-a-fella records
what type of music does the album oxygen belong to ?	oxygen
what is the river that divides san diego in two neighborhoods	san diego
what color is the hair of the racehorse chris evert ?	chris evert
name a track on die hit-giganten : best of party hits	die hit-giganten : best of party hits
what type of album is the best of billy j. kramer	the best of billy j. kramer
what is the name of a church located in cologne ?	cologne
which is the name of a castle located in germany ?	germany
what kind of album is best of artist of the century	best of artist of the century
what type of album is sael & friends : concert privé	sael & friends : concert privé
what is a track that was produced by stephen stills ?	stephen stills
what game platform was chakan : the forever man released ?	chakan : the forever man
which star system is ( 31131 ) 1997 sv10 located in	( 31131 ) 1997 sv10
who was the author of snow white and the seven samurai	snow white and the seven samurai
in what series is the episode peter frampton a part of	peter frampton
who sang i see you ( theme from avatar ) ?	i see you ( theme from avatar )
what kind of release is love songs : bedroom ballads ?	love songs : bedroom ballads
what kind of transit system runs the tseung kwan o line	tseung kwan o line
what is a subject in the book attitude featuring andy singer	attitude featuring andy singer
name an episode of the tv show national geographic explorer ?	national geographic explorer
what genre of music does the artist against me ! produce	against me !
what tv genre is the program 1dol considered to be ?	1dol
what kind of show is the real housewives of new jersey	the real housewives of new jersey
which 1927 comedy films was beulah annan a subject of ?	beulah annan
what is the album content type of four seasons of love	four seasons of love
what is the name of a county located in iowa ?	iowa
what kind of music does the the acoustic ep album play	the acoustic ep
which country created the film titled try this one for size	try this one for size
what genre of film is the movie 3 acts of murder	3 acts of murder
what type of book is lion at school and other stories	lion at school and other stories
what is the marketed formulation of the drug benzoic acid ?	benzoic acid
what 's a gameplay mode in serious sam 3 : bfe	serious sam 3 : bfe
where did 2006 freeman russian river valley pinot noir come from	2006 freeman russian river valley pinot noir
what period does the art piece the brook at medfield reflect	the brook at medfield
what language is used in paul bowles : the complete outsider	paul bowles : the complete outsider
what 's a track from house top 100 , volume 12	house top 100 , volume 12
who was a producer of music from `` the elder ''	music from `` the elder ''
which military man was involved with the second boer war ?	second boer war
in which language is the environmental chemistry ( journal ) written	environmental chemistry
what is the geographic location of the libertarian party of canada	libertarian party of canada
what is the name of an actor born in seville ?	seville
where is the bad news bears in breaking training from ?	the bad news bears in breaking training
what is the name of a title from the hindi genre	hindi
what is the color of st aloysius college , adelaide ?	st aloysius college , adelaide
who is the artist who made a greatest hits ii album	greatest hits ii
what was the release type of the album titled play blessures	play blessures
what type of film is holiday favorites : vol. 3 ?	holiday favorites : vol. 3
what kind of film is the inventor alva - the excavations	the inventor alva - the excavations
what city and state is dora moore elementary school located in	dora moore elementary school
what movie title is classified as a netflix hong kong genre	hong kong
what type of musical composition is petra haden and bill frisell	petra haden and bill frisell
what subject is discussed in what if winter never comes ?	what if winter never comes ?
what language was spoken in separate ways ( worlds apart )	separate ways ( worlds apart )
what is the name of the french-italian action film from 1962	action film
what is the name of a book from the economics genre	economics
where did michael glenny spend his last day among the living	michael glenny
what 's a platform that karate champ can be played on	karate champ
what empire took part in the first battle of the stronghold	first battle of the stronghold
what is the official color of california college san diego ?	california college san diego
what genre of film is i saw what you did ?	i saw what you did
what is the name of an engineering college in india ?	india
who is one of john milton cage , sr. 's children	john milton cage , sr.
what is a show that michael j. weithorn is known for	michael j. weithorn
what 's an album that features a lot of glam metal	glam metal
where did tyler perrys for better or worse originate from ?	for better or worse
what was the genre of the film the insect woman ?	the insect woman
what is the main subject of the film sunset park ?	sunset park
what is the name of a book based in alaska ?	alaska
what language is animal crackers ( tv series ) in ?	animal crackers
what is the name of a film produced by mark gordon	mark gordon
what is the netflix genre that houses bach : die motetten	bach : die motetten
what kind of music does the band scott fitzgerald play ?	scott fitzgerald
name a book that the character lavender brown appears in .	lavender brown
name a natural history museum in san antonio , texas .	natural history museum
name a written work that author david goodis has written .	david goodis
what is the genre of music in the album peter gabriel	peter gabriel
who is one artist that is signed with v2 records ?	v2 records
who was sonny bono salton sea national wildlife refuge named after	sonny bono salton sea national wildlife refuge
what tracks are featured in the recording day of the dead	day of the dead
which kind of book is raiders of the lost car park	raiders of the lost car park
who is one of the founders of the federal party ?	federal party
what is the parent institution for cohn-haddow center for judaic studies	cohn-haddow center for judaic studies
what language is featured on mrs. wiggs of the cabbage patch	mrs. wiggs of the cabbage patch
around which main start does ( 5528 ) 1992 aj gravitate	( 5528 ) 1992 aj
what genre of music is on the album alive in florida	alive in florida
what is the name of a village in platte county ?	platte county
who wrote the film the black cauldron ( film ) ?	the black cauldron
who is the artist associated with live phish downloads : 07.22.97	live phish downloads : 07.22.97
name a person who was born in the salta province ?	salta province
what is the name of a city in the united kingdom	united kingdom
what type of movie is agente s 03 : operazione atlantide	agente s 03 : operazione atlantide
what song has harry connick , jr. written lyrics for ?	harry connick , jr.
what genre is tin machine live : oy vey , baby	tin machine live : oy vey , baby
what is the track list of singers and songwriters collection ?	singers and songwriters collection
what 's the name of the comics artist born in recife	recife
which hospital was named after john radcliffe ( english physician )	john radcliffe
who is the artist that recorded born under a bad sign	born under a bad sign
what is one track released in the movie step up 3d	step up 3d
what language was spoke in fritz lang : circle of destiny	fritz lang : circle of destiny
which genre does the book voice of the coyote fall under	voice of the coyote
what is a piece of artwork created by roy lichtenstein ?	roy lichtenstein
what production company worked on the film love & other drugs	love & other drugs
what is the active ingredient in date 0.1 injectable solution ?	date 0.1 injectable solution
what is an eating disorder that includes causes of death ?	eating disorder
who was a military personnel involved in the battle of fredericksburg	battle of fredericksburg
which mountain range does the mount good hope belong to ?	mount good hope
what are some of the tracks that features bob belden ?	bob belden
what is a movie found in the drama genre in netflix	drama
where can i find the tourist attraction golden gate , kiev	golden gate , kiev
where would a person find the curse of frankenstein on netflix	the curse of frankenstein
which publisher published the book edition horror at the haunted house	horror at the haunted house
what 's a thriller ( genre ) directed by rod holcomb	thriller
what japanese noise musician is the creator of the scene album	scene
which county can the south mountains state park be found in	south mountains state park
what language was spoken in the tv program zach covey vlogs	zach covey vlogs
who composed the music for the film tere pyar mein ?	tere pyar mein
which region in the world is black pearl released in ?	black pearl
what media format was 1999 / little red corvette recored on	1999 / little red corvette
which time zone is the city new sharon located in ?	new sharon
name a biographical film directed by dylan fries and michael sanders	biographical film
whats the name of a game whose genre is action game	action game
what is the name of an album released by archie shepp	archie shepp
whats the name of the track from the release the commons	the commons
who was mentioned in the review of u2 3d at www.villagevoice.com	review of u2 3d at www.villagevoice.com
which northern european ethnic group does mark cavendish belong to ?	mark cavendish
which 1993 thriller ( genre ) films released in netflix ?	thriller
what transit system is oc transpo route 694 a part of	oc transpo route 694
what studio album was released in 1971 by deep purple ?	studio album
what genre of film is the moving of sophia myles ?	the moving of sophia myles
what country is ambassador college , big sandy , tx in	ambassador college , big sandy , tx
what is the genre of music does apollo 440 record ?	apollo 440
what is an indie film that can be found on netflix	indie film
who was the writer of acorn antiques : the musical !	acorn antiques : the musical !
what school associated with the stony brook seawolves men 's basketball	stony brook seawolves men 's basketball
whats the organization that rudolf iv , duke of austria founded	rudolf iv , duke of austria
which languages are available for the film blue cat blues ?	blue cat blues
what is the genre of the album mr. bad example ?	mr. bad example
what types of movie is memorial : letters from american soldiers	memorial : letters from american soldiers
what is a track on the release places like this ?	places like this
what recording does girls just want to have fun come from	girls just want to have fun
who produced fever ( hot sweat 12 '' mix ) ?	fever ( hot sweat 12 '' mix )
what kind of film is rose of the rancho in ?	rose of the rancho
an easter carol is a part of what film series ?	an easter carol
is esimene eesti tuur a studio album or a live album	esimene eesti tuur
who is the lyricist of ramblin ' on my mind ?	ramblin ' on my mind
who released the best of freda payne : ten best series	the best of freda payne : ten best series
what type of release is symphonies nos. 1 & 2 ?	symphonies nos. 1 & 2
what city is the neighborhood izumichō , chiyoda , tokyo in	izumichō , chiyoda , tokyo
what is the language of the composition i get around ?	i get around
what kind of license is behind downtown oklahoma city 2005 ?	downtown oklahoma city 2005
what is the name of the company that developed f1 challenge	f1 challenge
which towns are located in north american central time zone ?	central time zone
what is a city located in washington county , oregon ?	washington county
what 's the original verison of believe ( short version )	believe ( short version )
what music is in the film three guys named mike ?	three guys named mike
which genre of music is the album uncle anesthesia in ?	uncle anesthesia
what is one of the cities in fauquier county , virginia	fauquier county
what kind of food group does the sweet potato belong to	sweet potato
what language was on the mountain of tai hang shot in	on the mountain of tai hang
which type of musical style is the album babylon in ?	babylon
sun come up is considered as what type of film ?	sun come up
what type of genre is the land of jacques cartier ?	the land of jacques cartier
in what county is lone mountain ( new york ) located	lone mountain
in what netflix genre would you find the film green snake	green snake
what language is spoken in new york , i love you	new york , i love you
which people group were involved in the battle of marj dabiq	battle of marj dabiq
what was the episode before let 's spend the night together	let 's spend the night together
what country is aiguille de la grande sassière a part of	aiguille de la grande sassière
which american science writer was born in washington , d.c. ?	washington , d.c.
who wrote the film should married men go home ? ?	should married men go home ?
what type of game is dragon ball z : harukanaru densetsu	dragon ball z : harukanaru densetsu
who composed the music for star wars - a musical anthology	star wars - a musical anthology
what genre is the film the killing of sister george ?	the killing of sister george
who is an artist on the sony classical record label ?	sony classical
which company published call of duty : world at war ?	call of duty : world at war
which south asian language is dharti kahe pukarke filmed in ?	dharti kahe pukarke
which company built the uss los angeles ( ssn-688 ) ?	uss los angeles ( ssn-688 )
what is the name of an object that orbits the sun	the sun
name a film in the netflix genre of anime & animation	anime & animation
name a place in the north american central time zone .	central time zone
what is an album by the time ( band ) ?	the time
what film is denali national park and preserve featured in ?	denali national park and preserve
which language is the film dr. jekyll and mr. hyde in	dr. jekyll and mr. hyde
who is a professional actor that was born in new york	actor
what kind of show is gute zeiten , schlechte zeiten ?	gute zeiten , schlechte zeiten
what format was shadow hearts ( disc 1 ) released ?	shadow hearts ( disc 1 )
where is trinity catholic college , auburn campus located at ?	trinity catholic college , auburn campus
what is a formulation of the drug carvedilol 12.5 tablet ?	carvedilol 12.5 tablet
what is the active ingredient of benzoyl peroxide 52.5 liquid ?	benzoyl peroxide 52.5 liquid
who is the lyricist for the song life goes on ?	life goes on
kill bill volume 2 is a notable example of what ?	kill bill volume 2
what genre of music is the album for the taken ?	for the taken
what is the medals of world war ii genre on netflix	the medals of world war ii
the song los angeles can be found on which release ?	los angeles
the air filter is a part of what motorcycle section ?	air filter
joseph barbera was the film story contributor to this video film	joseph barbera
what is the title of the work written by leigh brackett	leigh brackett
whats the name of an album whose genre is calypso music	calypso music
which language was the work nothing at all originally in ?	nothing at all
what is the language of the film cowboys & angels ?	cowboys & angels
who is the mad scientist character created by mike allred ?	mike allred
what type of album is the spirit of christmas 2001 ?	the spirit of christmas 2001
which book is the 1990 edition of the last station ?	the last station
what is the track list for the release a1 a2 ?	a1 a2
what thriller ( genre ) movie was produced by chuck workman	thriller
what style of film is suddenly , last summer under ?	suddenly , last summer
is margareth menezes signed to universal music group or young money	margareth menezes
which country is metube : august sings carmen 'habanera ' from	metube : august sings carmen 'habanera '
this is the language the black mountain was written in .	the black mountain
whats the name of a track from the release guetta blaster	guetta blaster
what genre is the book people who led to my plays	people who led to my plays
what netflix genre is the film little children ( film )	little children
which country was the movie batman : assault on arkham produced	batman : assault on arkham
what type of album was the chronicle of the black sword	the chronicle of the black sword
what type of film is a noise from the deep ?	a noise from the deep
what is the legal status of black pepper 0.05 injectable solution	black pepper 0.05 injectable solution
which country is the city of sini , sardinia located in	sini , sardinia
what netflix genre does sugihara : conspiracy of kindness belong to	sugihara : conspiracy of kindness
what is antonia white 's most known for in literature ?	antonia white
what shape does axid ar 75 film coated tablet come in	axid ar 75 film coated tablet
which label is between the sheets , volume 2 on ?	between the sheets , volume 2
was pop up ! smap a studio or a live album	pop up ! smap
in what format was the very best of andy abraham released	the very best of andy abraham
what is the name of a track by london symphony orchestra	london symphony orchestra
what language was the trouble with perpetual déjà vu filmed in	the trouble with perpetual déjà vu
what 's a rock music album by the j. geils band	rock music
what is the name of a commune in the country italy	italy
what genre of game is maximo vs. army of zin ?	maximo vs. army of zin
who is an artist that was signed to black mark productions	black mark productions
what type of school is seymour high school ( connecticut )	seymour high school
what is the title track on for whom the bell tolls	for whom the bell tolls
whats the title of the soundtrack from the film pulp fiction	pulp fiction
who wrote the story for the book of lost tales ?	the book of lost tales
which region was american idol season 5 : encores released in	american idol season 5 : encores
if william bates is a man , what 's his sex	william bates
what is benito stefanelli 's place of birth in europe ?	benito stefanelli
what is a track off of the release newer wave ?	newer wave
what season of globe trekker did the episode venezuela air ?	venezuela
what kind of book is murder on the flying scotsman ?	murder on the flying scotsman
which artist recorded the 1980s hit song feed the world ?	feed the world
what soviet lieutenant general participated in the soviet invasion of poland	soviet invasion of poland
what country is namenda xr 21 extended release capsule available in	namenda xr 21 extended release capsule
what was the unit size of 82nd illinois volunteer infantry regiment	82nd illinois volunteer infantry regiment
is las mantenidas sin sueños a soundtrack or a compilation album	las mantenidas sin sueños
what armed force is the 78th fraser highlanders a part of	78th fraser highlanders
what is a track from searchin ' for a rainbow ?	searchin ' for a rainbow
what kind of music is played in the movie tumbling tumbleweeds	tumbling tumbleweeds
what is the name of a well known male screenwriter ?	screenwriter
what is the genre of the book the berlin stories ?	the berlin stories
is remixes from moffou a studio album or a remix album	remixes from moffou
what would be an example of a christmas comedy-drama film .	comedy-drama
what is the name of a release produced by lucas secon	lucas secon
what is the publishing company responsible for bomberman land touch !	bomberman land touch !
what is the title of a book edition by george orwell	george orwell
what is the name of an album created by hank snow	hank snow
which country is the film truck stop women located in ?	truck stop women
in what major city does the road nebraska highway 40 cross	nebraska highway 40
what is the netflix genre of the art of love ?	the art of love
deep purple by english rock band deep purple is what genre	deep purple
what is the name of a version of boston tea party	boston tea party
what is an ingredient that can be used in veganism ?	veganism
who was a presidential candidate at the 1968 democratic national convention	1968 democratic national convention
where is the general location of north american reciprocal museums ?	north american reciprocal museums
what is the name of a place in united kingdom ?	united kingdom
which language is the spenser : the judas goat movie spoken	spenser : the judas goat
what is the architectural style of rosenthal center for contemporary art	rosenthal center for contemporary art
in which language was a cold red sunrise originally written in	a cold red sunrise
what type of music does foxy brown ( rapper ) perform	foxy brown
what is the name of a film in the drama genre	drama
group portrait with a lady was filmed in which language ?	group portrait with a lady
what is an adaptation of tales of the south pacific called	tales of the south pacific
what is the release type of the album pennies from heaven	pennies from heaven
who created the cinematography for the film the rosa parks story	the rosa parks story
what type of content does saxon ( band ) record ?	saxon
what genre of cvg game is linus spacehead 's cosmic crusade	linus spacehead 's cosmic crusade
whats the name of a player who plays as a catcher	catcher
what type of album is the capitol collection : 1990-2000 ?	the capitol collection : 1990-2000
what is the video game genre of god of war iii	god of war iii
what is the place of death of ralph m. rich ?	ralph m. rich
what is the production company for the film on the road	on the road
who was the singer on the album charles aznavour chante noël	charles aznavour chante noël
what is the tv program all that 's country of origin	all that
yes ( band ) is a performer of what musical genre	yes
what produced the album cult ii - a miracle summer breeze	cult ii - a miracle summer breeze
what genre is bob and tom radio : the comedy tour	bob and tom radio : the comedy tour
what type of martial art does kyokutenzan takeshi participate in ?	kyokutenzan takeshi
who is the label company for the artist abe cunningham ?	abe cunningham
what time zone is skidaway island , georgia in right now	skidaway island , georgia
which release was santa claus is coming to town off of	santa claus is coming to town
ivan jević is a serbian footballer playing in which position ?	ivan jević
what was the theme of the product line called g.i. joe	g.i. joe
who developed phoenix wright : ace attorney : justice for all	phoenix wright : ace attorney : justice for all
who is the goalkeeper for the bo'ness united football team ?	goalkeeper
what is the name of an album by leo delibes ?	leo delibes
what type of label is captain ( association football ) ?	captain
what is a song from the exotic beatles , part ii	the exotic beatles , part ii
who is a notable participant of 2nd world science fiction convention	2nd world science fiction convention
what is the name of someone born in denver , colorado	denver , colorado
what musical genre is the album the golden age of grotesque	the golden age of grotesque
what track is from the release titled armageddon : the album	armageddon : the album
what is a song from plays michael jackson black or white	plays michael jackson black or white
which language is the film non son degno di te in	non son degno di te
nguyễn văn kiệt received the navy cross for what war ?	nguyễn văn kiệt
what is a fighting game game by konami computer entertainment ?	fighting game
what is the release track on everybody needs dance music sometimes	everybody needs dance music sometimes
who was the lyricist for students carve hearts out of coal	students carve hearts out of coal
what country was leopold i , prince of lippe from ?	leopold i , prince of lippe
which books on mathematics were written by kenneth d forbus ?	mathematics
which european language is charlotte church : live from jerusalem ?	charlotte church : live from jerusalem
what was a discovery that was made at la silla observatory	la silla observatory
what is the shape of the covera-hs 240 extended release tablet	covera-hs 240 extended release tablet
100 % senorita is a television show in what language ?	100 % senorita
where in the united states did charles n. orr die ?	charles n. orr
what kind of work does the royal bank of scotland do	the royal bank of scotland
what is the content type of the album serge gainsbourg ?	serge gainsbourg
what illness can develop as a consequence of congenital rubella syndrome	congenital rubella syndrome
who did the film art direction for frankie and johnny ?	frankie and johnny
in what languages is koi mere dil mein hai available in	koi mere dil mein hai
what genre is the album act iii : life and death	act iii : life and death
what is the name of a book that deals with history	history
which artist recorded fantasia '' : the sorcerer 's apprentice ?	fantasia '' : the sorcerer 's apprentice
what is a namesake of richard stockton ( 1730-1781 ) ?	richard stockton
which school district is huntington park high school located in ?	huntington park high school
what films has barry e. jackson been a production designer for	barry e. jackson
what is jean claude eugène péclet 's country of nationality ?	jean claude eugène péclet
who was the composer from you know where to find me	you know where to find me
which phone can one download and play the game bugdom 2	bugdom 2
what is the space agency in which robert l. gibson works	robert l. gibson
what is the subject of the film the battle of algiers	the battle of algiers
who is the record label for the artist pete atkin ?	pete atkin
what netflix genre is the title chalu navra bholi bayako in	chalu navra bholi bayako
what neighborhood is located in los angeles county , california ?	los angeles county , california
what is the color of mother mcauley liberal arts high school	mother mcauley liberal arts high school
what 's the name of a famous jazz artist from france	jazz
what is the name of a city on the leeward islands	leeward islands
what is the location of second persian invasion of greece ?	second persian invasion of greece
what country did the cooking show 5 ingredient fix come from	5 ingredient fix
what is the genre of journey 2 : the mysterious island	journey 2 : the mysterious island
what is an active ingredient in simvastatin 10 orally disintegrating tablet	simvastatin 10 orally disintegrating tablet
what is the country of origin of shock to the system	shock to the system
who is the manufacturer of xanax xr 2 extended release tablet	xanax xr 2 extended release tablet
name a person who is a composer and a film director	composer
what category is sex , secrets and lies 2 on netflix	sex , secrets and lies 2
what is an american 2000 comedy film in super 35 format	super 35
what is the active ingredient in the salsalate 750 tablet ?	salsalate 750 tablet
what is a film that was executively produced by giuseppe pedersoli	giuseppe pedersoli
what subject is the cat who had 60 whiskers written about	the cat who had 60 whiskers
what format was techno club , volume 6 released on ?	techno club , volume 6
what is the name of a 2009 indian romance film ?	romance film
the video game infinity blade iii was developed by whom ?	infinity blade iii
who 's a farmer that also worked as a horse trader	farmer
what are john bowden connally , sr. 's childrens ' names	john bowden connally , sr.
what type of educational institution is eastern new mexico university ?	eastern new mexico university
what terrorist attack was a part of the second intifada ?	second intifada
as a defensive player , which position does christian eichner play	christian eichner
which release is the recording `` bad '' featured on ?	bad
what kind of music is exhibited by the album soul meeting	soul meeting
what movie was simon murton the film art director for ?	simon murton
what type of genre is jesus : the new way ?	jesus : the new way
what is the subject of the book free legal help ?	free legal help
which country is tout ça ... pour ça ! filmed in	tout ça ... pour ça !
what is the physical format of the release time capsule ?	time capsule
what music album is type of compilation album in video game	compilation album
how was around the world : live in concert released ?	around the world : live in concert
what 's the name of a chinese national that plays midfielder	midfielder
what 's the name of an asteroid that orbits the sun	the sun
what is the name of a track produced by alanis morissette	alanis morissette
what is m-65 ( michigan highway ) a a type of	m-65
what type of book genre does two blondes belong to ?	two blondes
which city is cambridge school of culinary arts located in ?	cambridge school of culinary arts
who developed fatal fury 3 : road to the final victory	fatal fury 3 : road to the final victory
what episode of star trek was lee sheldon a writer on	lee sheldon
what is the topic of the stay through the night ?	stay through the night
what is a language featured on the hound of the baskervilles	the hound of the baskervilles
which music genre is the lost cabin and the mystery trees	the lost cabin and the mystery trees
what is the name of a drama involving september 11 ?	drama
which category of celestial object is ( 35317 ) 1997 aq23	( 35317 ) 1997 aq23
what is the subject of alberto giacometti in postwar paris ?	alberto giacometti in postwar paris
what film genre does a tea time conversation fall under ?	a tea time conversation
what is the name of a film directed by hideo nakata	hideo nakata
what band released the album radio , radio , radio ?	radio , radio , radio
what album is santa claus is coming to town from ?	santa claus is coming to town
what larger conflict was the battle of yijing a part of	battle of yijing
what films was nelson coates a film production designer for ?	nelson coates
what is a compilation album in the progressive rock genre ?	album
what type of film format is the damned filmed in ?	the damned
what is the color of cleveland school of the arts ?	cleveland school of the arts
which is the elton john version of the song believe ?	believe
what 's a title available in the tagalog language on netflix	tagalog language
in what state would you find princeton university graduate college ?	princeton university graduate college
what organization is the roman catholic diocese of regensburg under ?	roman catholic diocese of regensburg
what time zone is auvergne ( region ) located in ?	auvergne
what kind of format is good morning ( darling ) ?	good morning ( darling )
what is the name of an album by bbc radiophonic workshop	bbc radiophonic workshop
what genre of music was created by the artist gary jenkins	gary jenkins
where in australia was james plimsoll 's place of death ?	james plimsoll
which version was from the single for whom the bell tolls	for whom the bell tolls
who is a character from the return of the king ?	the return of the king
name a dance music album that consists of remix compilation .	dance music
what is a track from new york collection , 1950 ?	new york collection , 1950
who is teh artist that recorded the song christopher columbus ?	christopher columbus
what physical format is the diseased and the poisoned available in	the diseased and the poisoned
what is the genre of the film the menace to carlotta	the menace to carlotta
who is an artist under the label of universal music group	universal music group
who is the artist that recorded the story of my life	the story of my life
what genre of music is irony is a dead scene considered	irony is a dead scene
what is the shape of azithromycin 250 film coated tablet ?	azithromycin 250 film coated tablet
what is a song on the album hits from the heart	hits from the heart
what category does ( 44439 ) 1998 ur8 fall in ?	( 44439 ) 1998 ur8
what is the gameplayer mode for europa universalis : rome ?	europa universalis : rome
whats the name of a village in goodhue county , minnesota	goodhue county
the music album before i forget is of what genre ?	before i forget
what is the genre of music that george bruno money creates	george bruno money
what is one of the songs on the free album ?	free
what country is the film hellsing ultimate : vol. 1 from	hellsing ultimate : vol. 1
what language is spoken in the film joe versus the volcano	joe versus the volcano
who was the producer for o rangutang ( unfaded instrumental )	o rangutang ( unfaded instrumental )
what military force did the 8th maryland volunteer infantry belong to	8th maryland volunteer infantry
what is the known book publisher of to live forever ?	to live forever
who is a professional boxing representative in the junior middleweight division	boxing
what 's a track from the best of the monochrome set	the best of the monochrome set
what album is santa claus is coming to town on ?	santa claus is coming to town
how was a week or two in the real world released	a week or two in the real world
what psychological thriller features experiences from the author 's life ?	psychological thriller
name a film that brad anderson worked on as an editor	brad anderson
what is the canonical version of the song pretty in pink	pretty in pink
who are some of the producers of the release awb ?	awb
what is the genre of the film hoot ( film )	hoot
what is the name of a film that michael kahn edited	michael kahn
what is a song off of the album greatest hits ?	greatest hits
what kind of music is white shoes & the couples company	white shoes & the couples company
what netflix genre does the secret life of bees fall into	the secret life of bees
what is the name of a settlement located in wales ?	wales
which crime did abdullah i of jordan play the victim of	abdullah i of jordan
which english band is on the record label decca records ?	decca records
what is one of the male characters from exile to hell	exile to hell
is the the poverty of philosophy a philosophy or history book	the poverty of philosophy
in which country is the tonight starring steve allen program produce	tonight starring steve allen
what kind of musical genre is the album essential vol 2	essential vol 2
the south shaolin master is a film from this genre .	the south shaolin master
what gameplay modes are available on assassin 's creed : bloodlines	assassin 's creed : bloodlines
what member of asteroid group is ( 9118 ) 1997 gd20	( 9118 ) 1997 gd20
who was a founder of the zimbabwe congress of trade unions	zimbabwe congress of trade unions
what is a gameplay mode in dance 86.4 funky radio station	dance 86.4 funky radio station
name the release type of still life : american concert 1981	still life : american concert 1981
what language is charlie 's angels : full throttle spoken in	charlie 's angels : full throttle
what is the genre of the album to the bride ?	to the bride
who directed the film art style of last action hero ?	last action hero
what kind of school is mihai eminescu national college , constanţa	mihai eminescu national college , constanţa
what was the original language for the book jekyll and heidi	jekyll and heidi
what type of philosophy is the subject of the book empire	empire
what is a track from the compilation tsunamy / milk ?	tsunamy / milk
what is a recording of the track i want candy ?	i want candy
who is the producer from the recording of angels and angles	of angels and angles
did aditya vikram birla die of prostate cancer or lung cancer	aditya vikram birla
what country was left behind ii : tribulation force filmed in	left behind ii : tribulation force
what was the genre of the computer game street smart ?	street smart
what is the main source of the codfish 0.05 injectable solution	codfish 0.05 injectable solution
what genre of music does joe jackson ( musician ) make	joe jackson
what anime appearances has chao ( sonic the hedgehog ) made	chao
what is the language spoken in the 2012 comedy film mental	mental
which album was released as a single ( music ) ?	single
what genre is the album why is there air ? ?	why is there air ?
who is credited for the music in mash ( film )	mash
the release track new york is from what work of art	new york
what is the higher classification of the organism king eider ?	king eider
what position does drew pomeranz , the baseball player , play	drew pomeranz
what is the profession said tayeb jawad is known for ?	said tayeb jawad
what is the name of a book published by national geographic	national geographic
what is the recording of the composition being with you ?	being with you
what track is on close harmony ( disc 1 ) ?	close harmony ( disc 1 )
new york doll is considered what type of motion picture ?	new york doll
what country is he-man & she-ra : a christmas special from	he-man & she-ra : a christmas special
love is the message is an album by what singer ?	love is the message
what type of music does the album imagination belong to ?	imagination
what type of unit is the 37th wisconsin volunteer infantry regiment	37th wisconsin volunteer infantry regiment
what type of educational institution is the american hebrew academy ?	american hebrew academy
what is the netflix genre of fiddler on the roof ?	fiddler on the roof
what is the name of a film produced by carl laemmle	carl laemmle
is ceftriaxone 1 powder an over the counter or prescription drug	ceftriaxone 1 powder
what 's the name of the the damned 's live album	live album
what is the legal status of aspergillus terreus 50 injectable solution	aspergillus terreus 50 injectable solution
what is an episode of the hi-5 - season 11 series	hi-5 - season 11
which album was released as a single ( music ) ?	single
what 's a movie available under the bollywood category on netflix	bollywood
is trine christensen 's nationality from the united states or mexico	trine christensen
what was the name of g-dragon 's solo pop music album	pop music
who is the artist on the album fascinatin ' rampal ?	fascinatin ' rampal
where in the solar system is ( 8228 ) 1996 yb2	( 8228 ) 1996 yb2
what music came from the film thoda pyaar thoda magic ?	thoda pyaar thoda magic
what is the subject of the book the war on freedom	the war on freedom
who is the female multiple gold album gospel music singer ?	gospel music
what is the title of a track by infinite mass ?	infinite mass
what kind of music is on the koda kumi remix album	koda kumi remix album
what is the main country that uyghur language is spoken in	uyghur language
what is one of the subjects of the jewish holiday kitchen	the jewish holiday kitchen
what kind of visual art is irene di spilimbergo known for	irene di spilimbergo
what are the school colors of reicher catholic high school ?	reicher catholic high school
what is the title of a telugu language netflix genre ?	telugu language
what 's a car that is classified as a station wagon	station wagon
where did rebecca broussard 's mother give birth to her ?	rebecca broussard
is hymn of the nations in the english language or french	hymn of the nations
who published the westward ii : heroes of the frontier game	westward ii : heroes of the frontier
how was discovering opera 09 - cosi fan tutte highlights released	discovering opera 09 - cosi fan tutte highlights
what is the subject of the film the principles of lust	the principles of lust
who is the director of the movie the sun shines bright	the sun shines bright
in what language is the movie let there be light spoken	let there be light
in which county is located the itchen stoke and ovington parish	itchen stoke and ovington
what 's the name of one of elizabeth avellan 's children	elizabeth avellan
who is an artist associated with the symbolism art period movement	symbolism
what country is in the film window on the reef ?	window on the reef
what type of rock genre is the album creedence clearwater revival	creedence clearwater revival
what music genre does kiss kiss bang bang fall under ?	kiss kiss bang bang
what 's a major operation that happened in tien giang province	tien giang province
name a track by the artist paul williams ( songwriter )	paul williams
how was pop muzik : the very best of m released	pop muzik : the very best of m
which language is spoken in the film observe and report ?	observe and report
who is the artist that recorded my son my son ?	my son my son
what format was ibiza : the ultimate clubbing experience released in	ibiza : the ultimate clubbing experience
what subject is the award wolf prize in arts given to	wolf prize in arts
what is a thriller ( genre ) film released in 1995	thriller
what does clint ballard , jr. do for a living ?	clint ballard , jr.
what type of educational institution is palisades park high school ?	palisades park high school
what is the form of dosage of activated charcoal 208 suspension	activated charcoal 208 suspension
who was the artist that made the album the prussian quartets	the prussian quartets
name a track off the musical release my winter storm .	my winter storm
what kind of music is the album waltz for debby ?	waltz for debby
what is the name of the soundtrack of natural born killers	natural born killers
what 's the name of a cricket umpire born in paddington	paddington
what is the name of a book written by ken kesey	ken kesey
what 's the name of a show that arlene phillips created	arlene phillips
what kind of music is exhibited by the album viaggiatrice solitaria	viaggiatrice solitaria
what genre does the book boba fett : hunted belong to	boba fett : hunted
what is the track list on the release bayerman vibration ?	bayerman vibration
who is the artist on priceless ( her very best )	priceless ( her very best )
what types of movie is day of the outlaw in netflix	day of the outlaw
what is the name of a popular documentary film on netflix	documentary film
which genre of music does the album blue belong to ?	blue
what kind of video game is out of the study ?	out of the study
what country is jacques lisfranc de st. martin originally from ?	jacques lisfranc de st. martin
what is the genre of music created by the artist mnemic	mnemic
what is the name of someone born in new haven ?	new haven
what 's the name of one of bryn jones 's albums	bryn jones
in what format was can i keep this pen ? released	can i keep this pen ?
this is the nationality of actress and entertainer jan adele .	jan adele
what type of paranormal ability does john newbrough allegedly have ?	john newbrough
what is the administrative area type of dadra and nagar haveli	dadra and nagar haveli
what 's a movie title in the netflix designation indie documentaries	indie documentaries
what is the name of a political party that practices monarchism	monarchism
dillinger : public enemy no. 1 is which type of movie	dillinger : public enemy no. 1
who directed the film art for the postman ( film )	the postman
it crawled into my hand , honest is under which genre	it crawled into my hand , honest
what is the album by the bee gees released on 1969	album
which body of water is the mouth of oti river ?	oti river
what category is murder at el meneo available under on netflix	murder at el meneo
who plays defender for the kingston fc canadian soccer league ?	defender
in what language is the film the president versus david hicks	the president versus david hicks
what type of music does everything is made in china perform	everything is made in china
what type of fabric is the art still life done on	still life
what language is comrades : almost a love story in ?	comrades : almost a love story
which film genre does the ghost of greville lodge fall under	the ghost of greville lodge
what is the name of a high school in chula vista	chula vista
what is the developer of the game the legend of kyrandia	the legend of kyrandia
what is an episode of the cyber team in akihabara program	cyber team in akihabara
what is joel karekezi noted for in the entertainment industry ?	joel karekezi
which eastern european language is khudojnikat klatiu boyadjiev filmed in ?	khudojnikat klatiu boyadjiev
what 's the name of a finance company originally from ohio	finance
what flavor does peptic relief cherry 262 suspension come in ?	peptic relief cherry 262 suspension
what is a song off bang ! tick ... tick ...	bang ! tick ... tick ...
what was the original title of the book edition faerie tale	faerie tale
what album is in the genre of melodic death metal ?	melodic death metal
what is the subject of the social construction of reality ?	the social construction of reality
who 's a writer of the pilot ( 2 ) episode	pilot ( 2 )
what governing body has control over the ironwood forest national monument	ironwood forest national monument
what genre of book is the year of the quiet sun	the year of the quiet sun
what is 1st louisiana native guard 's place of origin ?	1st louisiana native guard
what type of gameplay mode is the game zombie zombie ?	zombie zombie
what 's a movie available under the hindi category on netflix	hindi
what is higher in classification than hyaena ( genus ) ?	hyaena
what was war of the dead 's country of origin ?	war of the dead
what style of music is on the aprendí a llorar album	aprendí a llorar
what time zone is used in east grand forks , minnesota	east grand forks , minnesota
what was the release type of the album den nye by	den nye by
what is the region for the release the dub club night	the dub club night
what is the title of a spanish language netflix genre ?	spanish language
who developed mobile suit gundam : gundam vs. gundam next ?	mobile suit gundam : gundam vs. gundam next
what sector does the university of melbourne student union operate within	university of melbourne student union
where in the united states did edmund bailey o'callaghan die ?	edmund bailey o'callaghan
what 's one of the songs on the power rock release	power rock
what is the genre of music made by the band skinless	skinless
what type of genre is the blue umbrella filmed in ?	the blue umbrella
what type of music is featured in destroyer of the void	destroyer of the void
what is the name of a composition by blind lemon jefferson	blind lemon jefferson
what film can be found in the frankenstein monster netflix genre	frankenstein
name of the songs included in the solitude standing album .	solitude standing
what type of medium is a burro on the patio on	a burro on the patio
is freedom : a history of us an album or other	freedom : a history of us
where in california was hilda stone 's place of death ?	hilda stone
which tracks are released in praises to the war machine ?	praises to the war machine
who is the author for the story of my life ?	the story of my life
what is a track on the album the very best of	the very best of
who is a person whose caused of death was dysentery ?	dysentery
what is the content type of pinheads on the move ?	pinheads on the move
what is a book that deals with the subject of asia	asia
what is the genre of trout fishing in america 's work	trout fishing in america
in what country did the film shark zone take place in	shark zone
what kind of movie is ek se mera kya hoga ?	ek se mera kya hoga
what does the asteroid ( 23794 ) 1998 qg29 go around	( 23794 ) 1998 qg29
who was the artist that put out the album in time	in time
what genre of music is just gets better with time ?	just gets better with time
which language was spoken in the film bully for pink ?	bully for pink
what is the second track of love is the devil ?	love is the devil
what is an episode of bargain hunt - season 22 called	bargain hunt - season 22
volume - the best of was what type of album ?	volume - the best of
which album did the manic street preachers recorded in 2005 ?	the manic street preachers
what kind of movie is the rose and the jackal ?	the rose and the jackal
what type of film is le saut à la couverture ?	le saut à la couverture
who is the artist from the album give me a future	give me a future
what asian country was once upon a time proletarian shown in	once upon a time proletarian
what is the name of a child of guru tegh bahadur	guru tegh bahadur
what is the gameplay mode of rowan 's battle of britain	rowan 's battle of britain
what kind of music genre is ballad collection – special edition	ballad collection – special edition
what genre of music does the band foxboro hot tubs make	foxboro hot tubs
what 's one of the tourist attractions in missoula , montana	missoula , montana
what is a recording of believe ( mj cole remix )	believe ( mj cole remix )
the release track remember me is from what body of work	remember me
what business published the cloudy with a chance of meatballs game	cloudy with a chance of meatballs
what kind of album is eartha kitt - the masters ?	eartha kitt - the masters
which city in mexico was clara de buen richkarday born in	clara de buen richkarday
what was a track on the release the greatest hits ?	the greatest hits
what is the name of a film based in music ?	music
where is the drug quetiapine fumarate 200 film coated tablet available	quetiapine fumarate 200 film coated tablet
what kind of school is st stanislas college , delft ?	st stanislas college , delft
what sort of punk is these are the good times people	these are the good times people
what is a movie that universal studios produced in 2012 ?	universal studios
what kind of music would u expect to find on boomerang	boomerang
what type of program is ruler of your own world ?	ruler of your own world
the album open season is this kind genre of music .	open season
what is the name of a dramas based on the book	dramas based on the book
what is an episode of transformers : robots in disguise ?	transformers : robots in disguise
what is the canonical version of tracks of my tears ?	tracks of my tears
what is a funk album that included michael jackson in it	funk
what kind of netflix film is the fourth wise man ?	the fourth wise man
what was the hebrew-greek key word study bible written about ?	the hebrew-greek key word study bible
what kind of music is on live at texas stadium ?	live at texas stadium
what is the name of the group who released ukukhanya kwelanga	ukukhanya kwelanga
what is the original language of the secrets of the dead	the secrets of the dead
what is the country of origin for the bad girls club	bad girls club
what sort of music is school 's out considered to be	school 's out
what is the language that dambusters raid was film in ?	dambusters raid
what is a touch of zen classified as on netflix ?	a touch of zen
what track was featured on the release infa red and cross	infa red and cross
who is a musician known for playing the bass guitar ?	bass guitar
who was the lyricist for the play make me a song	make me a song
what was the title of the recording in time canonical version	in time
what kind of music does roman candle ( band ) perform	roman candle
what is the drama film where black-and-white technique was used ?	black-and-white
name a player who played the baseball position second baseman .	second baseman
what kind of license does zala is located in angola hold	zala is located in angola
what 's the subject of the art of the metaobject protocol	the art of the metaobject protocol
what genre of music is the album holy war in ?	holy war
who did the set decoration for the film two brothers ?	two brothers
what larger series is outlook 2007 for dummies a part of	outlook 2007 for dummies
what is the film that was produced by jerry weintraub ?	jerry weintraub
what was the episode before sexual harassment ( the office )	sexual harassment
what is the album name that contains the recording komodo ?	komodo
what type of show is master swordsman lu xiaofeng 2 ?	master swordsman lu xiaofeng 2
which genre of film is rock star ( film ) ?	rock star
what kind of music is on the album follow the leader	follow the leader
where is the location of mary eleanor wilkins freeman 's death	mary eleanor wilkins freeman
what is the superhero power of angel dust ( comics )	angel dust
what is a neighborhood located in long beach , california ?	long beach , california
whats the name of the edition of the book the game	the game
who is the primary villain in the book earth begotten ?	earth begotten
what is one of the school colors of the charterhouse school	charterhouse school
who put together the music for the movie dans les rues	dans les rues
what country was in the mirror of maya deren released in	in the mirror of maya deren
what film genre does tides to and fro fall under ?	tides to and fro
what is david wilson 's most known for in sports ?	david wilson
what 's one major city that the r24 route travels through	r24 route
who is a parent of charles v , holy roman emperor	charles v , holy roman emperor
who is the artist of the album easy does it ?	easy does it
what cities are in the north american central time zone ?	central time zone
what genre does the film , o.k. , fall under ?	o.k.
what type of program is k-ville ( tv series ) ?	k-ville
who was the film casting director for the film georgia ?	georgia
what types of book is the problem of the covered bridge	the problem of the covered bridge
name one film in which robert wise is the director of	robert wise
which hawaiian city is brian gaskill 's place of birth ?	brian gaskill
what kind of bridge is the john p. grace memorial bridge	john p. grace memorial bridge
what type of music does the band tera melos play ?	tera melos
which region in north america is twilight waltz released in ?	twilight waltz
what is a film that was executively produced by kevin bacon	kevin bacon
what type of tv series is pitch it again , sam	pitch it again , sam
what is the name of a musician that plays funk music	funk music
what is the release format of the best of spandau ballet	the best of spandau ballet
what type of album is the very best of john denver	the very best of john denver
what city is rally to restore sanity and/or fear located in	rally to restore sanity and/or fear
what is a film that russell harlan did the cinematography for	russell harlan
what is a language featured in the longest night in shanghai	the longest night in shanghai
whats the name of a track on the recording dirty work	dirty work
what is the cover album by japanese pop singer ken hirai	ken hirai
where is southeastern university of the assemblies of god located ?	southeastern university of the assemblies of god
whats a subject of the film i was a teenage werewolf	i was a teenage werewolf
who was a union officer involved in battle of mill springs	battle of mill springs
what genre is dil vil pyar vyar found on in netflix	dil vil pyar vyar
what kind of music does the album earth a.d. represent ?	earth a.d.
who was the orchestrator for the musical mame ( musical )	mame
what kind of album is itunes festival : london 2011 ?	itunes festival : london 2011
what other format was the netflix title earthstorm released as ?	earthstorm
what genre of music does the artist collin raye produce ?	collin raye
what language was the twilight of the idols written in ?	the twilight of the idols
what is the manufacturing company of the nikon coolpix s510 cmaera	nikon coolpix s510
in what language was the composition nothing and everything recorded ?	nothing and everything
what type of movie is between the sand and the sky	between the sand and the sky
what music genre is the album never again apart of ?	never again
an example of a alternative metal artist would be who ?	alternative metal
what language is angry waves at pung sa bay spoken in	angry waves at pung sa bay
what science fiction fantasy comedy film was created by dan aykroyd	dan aykroyd
which tracks are a part of the release remember me ?	remember me
what kind of game is medal of honor : heroes 2	medal of honor : heroes 2
who wrote `` master harold '' ... and the boys ?	`` master harold '' ... and the boys
which form of media was perfecto presents ... sandra collins released	perfecto presents ... sandra collins
what form of song is piano sonata no. 7 in e	piano sonata no. 7 in e
who was the director for the film middle of nowhere ?	middle of nowhere
what is the subject of the book in pursuit of flavor	in pursuit of flavor
whats the name of one of lou rawls 's chirstmas songs	lou rawls
what kind of music is début de soirée considered to be	début de soirée
what time zone is alife , campania a part of ?	alife , campania
which artist release the album cabu collection : charlie christian ?	cabu collection : charlie christian
what song is by booker t. & the m.g. 's ?	booker t. & the m.g. 's
which country is the wall : a world divided from ?	the wall : a world divided
what star can be found in sculptor ( constellation ) ?	sculptor
who produced for love or country : the arturo sandoval story	for love or country : the arturo sandoval story
who is the male director of the film brown sugar ?	brown sugar
what is a book edition that was published by zadie smith	zadie smith
what type of music is the album back in your arms	back in your arms
what is e. clay shaw , jr. place of death ?	e. clay shaw , jr.
what is the name of a film written by john carpenter	john carpenter
what kind of rock music does the easter island statues play	the easter island statues
who was the film art director of sliver ( film )	sliver
what 's the name of maureen tucker 's live album ?	live album
where did alemão spend the last day of his life ?	alemão
what is the title track from the recording of jungle fever	jungle fever
what is the netflix genre of the title the wild child	the wild child
what region is all the best : his greatest hits from	all the best : his greatest hits
which asteroid was discovered in the solar system in 1992 ?	solar system
410 chloris is classified as what type of celestial body ?	410 chloris
what is the name of an italian foreign action & adventure	foreign action & adventure
what is the name of a thriller ( genre ) film	thriller
what type of album is no church in the wild ?	no church in the wild
what company published dark sun : wake of the ravager ?	dark sun : wake of the ravager
what topic was reviewed on review of funny people at movies.tvguide.com	review of funny people at movies.tvguide.com
name a title in the latin american cinema genre of netflix	latin american cinema
what is the production company of ghost : mouichido dakishimetai ?	ghost : mouichido dakishimetai
what language was diane - die geschichte einer pariserin written in	diane - die geschichte einer pariserin
what is the record label the criminals are signed too ?	the criminals
what is the name of an episode written by trey parker	trey parker
what track was released in elevator 2 : electro-acoustic mood music	elevator 2 : electro-acoustic mood music
which genre of music is peter mokran an artist of ?	peter mokran
what kind of album is kings of the cotton club ?	kings of the cotton club
what field is science is the american sociological review written about	american sociological review
what language is the steep approach to garbadale originally in ?	the steep approach to garbadale
what is a supported storage type for kodak easyshare z1285 ?	kodak easyshare z1285
what kind of album is mis canciones , mis amigos ?	mis canciones , mis amigos
what language was used in the film anne truitt , working	anne truitt , working
what country is sunmark allergy multi symptom 325/2/5 tablet available in	sunmark allergy multi symptom 325/2/5 tablet
which language is jagged little pill , live filmed in ?	jagged little pill , live
what is the genre of the tv show one tree hill	one tree hill
what is an album title including the history of elmore james	album
which country is the manufactured drug duragesic 50 patch available in	duragesic 50 patch
what type of album is `` the peel sessions '' ?	the peel sessions
what is a film that fits in the science fiction genre	science fiction
what region is twice upon a time : the singles from	twice upon a time : the singles
what type of book is city of golden shadow affiliated with	city of golden shadow
what kind of album is `` live '' trenton 2002 ?	live '' trenton 2002
who is delphinium : a childhood portrait of derek jarman about	delphinium : a childhood portrait of derek jarman
what is a compilation album released by al di meola ?	compilation album
what kind of film is count basie at carnegie hall ?	count basie at carnegie hall
what is a film where lukas ettlin was the cinematographer ?	lukas ettlin
in another country is a film that takes place where ?	in another country
what track was done by the artist spanky & our gang	spanky & our gang
william gibbs mcadoo house is located in which u.s. state ?	william gibbs mcadoo house
what is the hard rock album name by mcauley schneker group	hard rock
what is the release track on the essential guide to india	the essential guide to india
who is the family of archduchess maria theresa of austria ?	archduchess maria theresa of austria
what style of music is ancient god of evil in ?	ancient god of evil
what kind of music is on in a different light ?	in a different light
what is the name of a place located in new mexico	new mexico
what type of fiction is my work is not yet done	my work is not yet done
which netflix genre can empire of the wolves be found under	empire of the wolves
what kind of place of worship is the et'hem bey mosque	et'hem bey mosque
what is the name of an asteroid that orbit the sun	the sun
who is the band of spasm smash xxxoxox ox and ass	spasm smash xxxoxox ox and ass
which royal family is princess anastasia of montenegro a part of	princess anastasia of montenegro
who is a character in the adventure of the veiled lodger	the adventure of the veiled lodger
what country is attack of the 50 ft. woman from ?	attack of the 50 ft. woman
what is a specific product in the machine translation product line	machine translation
what television show is the episode off the wall from ?	off the wall
what medical specialty is the disease human papillomavirus infection associated with	human papillomavirus infection
what is the name of a city in mountain time zone	mountain time zone
what is the subject of the book waiting for the mahatma	waiting for the mahatma
what is the genre of the film the day will dawn	the day will dawn
what is the legal status of ranitidine hydrochloride 1 injectable solution	ranitidine hydrochloride 1 injectable solution
what language is spoken by the greeks in the united kingdom	greeks in the united kingdom
what genre on netflix is arena en los bolsillos categorized under	arena en los bolsillos
what is the name of a film that andreas grosch produced	andreas grosch
what flavors does dramamine chewable formula 50 chewable tablet come in	dramamine chewable formula 50 chewable tablet
which netflix genre is seven ( film ) the film from	seven
what is the region of rave on snow , volume 14	rave on snow , volume 14
what was the cause of luis ortiz rosales 's death ?	luis ortiz rosales
what is the occupation of the fictional character david bowman ?	david bowman
what is the format that norway calling is released in ?	norway calling
what is the name of bikini model born in tokyo ?	tokyo
who is a famous vocalist and conductor born in berlin ?	berlin
what asteroid group is ( 10940 ) 1999 ce52 apart of	( 10940 ) 1999 ce52
who was the director for the tv series black hole ?	black hole
what type of album is elva kvinnor i ett hus ?	elva kvinnor i ett hus
what release format was kaizoku-ban : live in japan in ?	kaizoku-ban : live in japan
what are some of the versions of the single tomorrow ?	tomorrow
what flavor does herbon lemon honey herbal 3 lozenge come in	herbon lemon honey herbal 3 lozenge
which star system does ( 18354 ) 1990 rk5 have ?	( 18354 ) 1990 rk5
what was name of the album released by demis roussos ?	album
which genre on netflix can you find the cater street hangman	the cater street hangman
what is coral ridge country club estates a neighborhood of ?	coral ridge country club estates
which genre is the book the 100 most notable cornellians about	the 100 most notable cornellians
is the san luis reservoir in the united states or canada	san luis reservoir
which football player was born in syracuse , new york ?	syracuse , new york
what work was written by tony parsons ( british journalist )	tony parsons
who is someone that is well known for playing the keyboard	keyboard
what tracks are included on the release step into the beat	step into the beat
which artist made the album sonny rollins and the big brass	sonny rollins and the big brass
which gameplay was used in the time warp of dr. brain	the time warp of dr. brain
what season of dr danger is the episode south africa from	south africa
what production company produced cooking : terms and what they mean	cooking : terms and what they mean
what is the nationality of thomas hill ( painter ) ?	thomas hill
what is the name of a track off of new moon	new moon
what is the tittle of the political documentary film on netflix	documentary film
what language is spoken in the tv show tokyo friends ?	tokyo friends
which book is apart of the historical fiction literary genre ?	historical fiction
what ideology does the popular socialist party of mexico identify with	popular socialist party of mexico
what album is the song this is the end from ?	this is the end
who is the producer of that 's what friends are for	that 's what friends are for
who is the publisher of eureka seven vol.1 : new wave	eureka seven vol.1 : new wave
name someone famous who was born in providence , rhode island	providence , rhode island
what country was two worlds , two tomorrows releaesed in ?	two worlds , two tomorrows
who wrote the tv episode a kind of a stopwatch ?	a kind of a stopwatch
what was the cause of birendra of nepal 's death ?	birendra of nepal
whats the name of a track from the release victoria beckham	victoria beckham
what is a mystery book with a knife in its title	mystery
what kind of comdey is not the end of the world	not the end of the world
what is the release type of the audio version of contagion	contagion
what kind of school is william howard taft high school ?	william howard taft high school
what track is from the release the no.1 rock album ?	the no.1 rock album
who is a character in the book after the first death	after the first death
what is the star system of ( 24795 ) 1994 ac17	( 24795 ) 1994 ac17
what is the label of redhead kingpin & the fbi ?	redhead kingpin & the fbi
who is a famous actor during the silent film era ?	actor
in what format was strange birds released to the public ?	strange birds
who is the singer of the diary of alicia keys album	the diary of alicia keys
what was an episode of sit down comedy - season 2	sit down comedy - season 2
what is the name of a book that focuses on civilization	civilization
who is the manufacturer of azithromycin dihydrate 600 film coated tablet	azithromycin dihydrate 600 film coated tablet
what 's a track from year of the dog ... again	year of the dog ... again
which towns are located in the kingdom of the netherlands ?	kingdom of the netherlands
what is the film genre for snow falling on cedars ?	snow falling on cedars
what film was shawn holly cookson the costume designer of	shawn holly cookson
what 's the name of an environmental disaster in italy	environmental disaster
what formatting does the complete on the corner sessions have	the complete on the corner sessions
what is the place of birth of sam edwards ?	sam edwards
what kind of album is music for cello & orchestra	music for cello & orchestra
what is the genre for the film cow belles ?	cow belles
who wrote the lyrics for the house that never was	the house that never was
what 's an album that the philharmonia orchestra has released	the philharmonia orchestra
what kind of school is holy cross high school ?	holy cross high school
what 's the name of an australian rock and roll	rock and roll
what is the category of the celestial object 1241 dysona	1241 dysona
which city is in the north american central time zone	central time zone
what is an island located in the mediterranean sea ?	mediterranean sea
what is the subject of vipers in the storm ?	vipers in the storm
what kind of educational institution is valley high school ?	valley high school
what is a gampelay mode found in the game allegiance	allegiance
what language is spoken in kirikou and the wild beasts	kirikou and the wild beasts
what is an organization that j. a. folger founded ?	j. a. folger
what kind of film is het mysterie van de mondscheinsonate	het mysterie van de mondscheinsonate
what series is super mario bros. 2 a part of	super mario bros. 2
what is an abstract art work made by georgia o'keeffe	abstract art
what language was where the wild things are written in	where the wild things are
which state is the city of bombay beach located in	bombay beach
name a model that died due to a car accident	car accident
who developed law and order : double or nothing ?	law and order : double or nothing
who published the video game fable ( video game )	fable
what 's a film that is about a wedding dress	wedding dress
which famous actor is harold irwin braff the father of	harold irwin braff
is a song for summer a romance novel or drama	a song for summer
what album is by jethro tull ( band ) ?	jethro tull
which platform can be used to play tomb raider chronicles	tomb raider chronicles
what is the canonical version of coast to coast ?	coast to coast
what company published the game tenchu : wrath of heaven	tenchu : wrath of heaven
what type of media is the sunspots on covered table	sunspots on covered table
who is the producing company of tamburlaine the great ?	tamburlaine the great
what is the form of art of street light ?	street light
which orbit has relationship with ( 13953 ) 1990 to4	( 13953 ) 1990 to4
who produced the film miss spider 's sunny patch kids	miss spider 's sunny patch kids
who did the music for the film carry on cruising	carry on cruising
what is david lindley ( musician ) 's profession ?	david lindley
the album standards is in which genre of music ?	standards
what is a park in umlauf sculpture garden and museum	umlauf sculpture garden and museum
what is the name of a folk rock album ?	folk rock
what is the name of a book by adi da	adi da
what was the entity involved in the capitulation of stettin	capitulation of stettin
what is the funk group known for rhythm and blues	rhythm and blues
the forge of god is in what binding style ?	the forge of god
what is the name of an artist with epitaph records	epitaph records
what category of celestial objects does kappa draconis belong to	kappa draconis
who is the artist who did the recording titled manhattan	manhattan
what genre of music is lacey conner classified as ?	lacey conner
what city and state was c. jack ellis born in	c. jack ellis
which country can claim that they created the stolen treaty	the stolen treaty
which subjects are covered in the book medieval travellers ?	medieval travellers
what type of release is `` prestige profiles '' ?	prestige profiles
who created the story for godzilla ( 1998 film )	godzilla
which musician contributed dido & aeneas : a choreographic opera	dido & aeneas : a choreographic opera
what type of album is a man & the blues	a man & the blues
who is the artist that released til all are one	til all are one
what types of movie is final destination 2 in netflix	final destination 2
what is one of charley pride 's biggest albums ?	charley pride
what type of music does make a little magic make	make a little magic
what is a song that sugizo is known for ?	sugizo
which genre is the book a sudden , fearful death	a sudden , fearful death
who is an artist and author born in san francisco	san francisco
what type of subject does the stonecutter belongs to ?	the stonecutter
which european nation is days and clouds filmed in ?	days and clouds
what are the colors of a spanish water dog ?	spanish water dog
what is a subject of the naming of the dead	the naming of the dead
what is giovanni ambrogio figino 's nation of origin ?	giovanni ambrogio figino
what first level division is in the dominican republic ?	dominican republic
what television show featured an episode titled taylor swift ?	taylor swift
which subject is the written work finding our way about	finding our way
which screenwriter was born in providence , rhode island ?	providence , rhode island
what is a song form the album on the strength	on the strength
which genre is the book murder carries a torch about	murder carries a torch
which tv series has happy go lucky as an episode	happy go lucky
which band made on earth to make the numbers up	on earth to make the numbers up
who 's a defensive midfielder born in state of palestine	state of palestine
who is the artist of the album early music ?	early music
what is a basin country that jur river flows through	jur river
what is the subject of the book the free men	the free men
who is the artist that released the album karma ?	karma
which genre does ready , steady , charlie ! follow	ready , steady , charlie !
whats an example of a non profit organization from india	india
what was the original language that genevieve was written in	genevieve
what is a track included in brandon mccartney 's work	brandon mccartney
what was snow white and the huntsman adapted from ?	snow white and the huntsman
which language was the film the black unicorn released in	the black unicorn
who was the program creator of the program baby hospital	baby hospital
who is the creator of the film character petra arkanian	petra arkanian
where did manny pacquiao vs. timothy bradley take place ?	manny pacquiao vs. timothy bradley
what kind of music is the album this is england	this is england
where is université du québec à chicoutimi located at ?	université du québec à chicoutimi
which religion does nayef bin abdul-aziz al saud follow ?	nayef bin abdul-aziz al saud
what 's a school part of roanoke city public schools	roanoke city public schools
what 's the name of a piece by charles arnoldi	charles arnoldi
what 's a television episode that frank oz has directed	frank oz
who was the director of the film titled the climax	the climax
what is the name of a 1952 adventure film ?	adventure film
which genre is the artist the vandermark 5 associated with	the vandermark 5
what album content type is the album kilichundan mampazham ?	kilichundan mampazham
what is a color of the alpha gamma delta fraternity	alpha gamma delta
what is the subject of the cathedral and the bazaar	the cathedral and the bazaar
what is a track on big shiny tunes 12 ?	big shiny tunes 12
where did conel hugh o'donel alexander take his last breath	conel hugh o'donel alexander
what is the genre of the film edge of night	edge of night
what is the subject for the book c for dummies	c for dummies
what team is on the national league west division ?	national league west
name a famous australian singer known for pop music ?	pop music
what is the original language of computer software protection ?	computer software protection
the work our angry earth was based on what subject	our angry earth
what is sony music entertainment aaron carter 's label ?	aaron carter
who is the artist that produced the album sheila 1975-1992	sheila 1975-1992
how was the ultimate collection ( disc 2 ) released	the ultimate collection ( disc 2 )
name a place in the second level divisions of denmark	denmark
what kind of a school is mcgill-toolen catholic high school	mcgill-toolen catholic high school
what is carole shorenstein hays 's country of nationality ?	carole shorenstein hays
what is the name of a famous novelist writer ?	writer
whats the name of a track from the lady killer	the lady killer
which production company produced the film saving private ryan ?	saving private ryan
who was the artist that recorded ride of the redlegs	ride of the redlegs
what is the name of an album by koda kumi	album
who was the manufacturer of the ride sea viper ?	sea viper
what ideology does the communist party of norway ascribe to	communist party of norway
what kind of music is taken by trees known for	taken by trees
what is the name of a horror netflix genre ?	horror
who directed the movie without you i 'm nothing ?	without you i 'm nothing
what is a program that leonard b. stern created ?	leonard b. stern
who is the french guitarist and composer of belleville ?	belleville
iron bridge , satu mare is located in what city	iron bridge , satu mare
what company developed the game gex : enter the gecko	gex : enter the gecko
what country is the movie dp75 : tartina city from	dp75 : tartina city
what is the place of death of john h. watson	john h. watson
is literature or science covered in a game of thrones	a game of thrones
who produced the recording a dj saved my life ?	a dj saved my life
where exactly was the location of petr markov 's birth	petr markov
what artist is in the rock and roll genre ?	rock and roll
who did the music for the film sachché ká bol-bálá	sachché ká bol-bálá
what is a place that can be found in sheffield	sheffield
who is someone that was born in new orleans ?	new orleans
what is the type of engine in grumman f8f bearcat	grumman f8f bearcat
what kinds of music is played by symphony of gunfire	symphony of gunfire
what was the language spoken in the film intersexion ?	intersexion
where in canada is the conservatoire de musique de saguenay	conservatoire de musique de saguenay
what european language is spoken in drag me to hell	drag me to hell
what type of school is university college london law faculty	university college london law faculty
what format was the cider house rules released on ?	the cider house rules
what subject is in defense of women written about ?	in defense of women
which type of product is a sculpture considered to be	sculpture
who 's an artist that produces mainly hip hop music	hip hop music
what is the artist behind the album lenny kravitz ?	lenny kravitz
what content does faith hill have in her music ?	faith hill
what was matthew centrowitz , jr. 's place of birth	matthew centrowitz , jr.
what was a team in the 1968 fa cup final	1968 fa cup final
what type of physical format was flag available in ?	flag
which position does claudiano alves dos santos play in football	claudiano alves dos santos
in which language was driving the last spike written ?	driving the last spike
lysine is the active ingredient found in what medication ?	lysine
what is the game for the game version psychonauts ?	psychonauts
what is a location in central european time zone ?	central european time zone
what is the original version of the song mystique ?	mystique
who wrote the lyrics for you 're so cold ?	you 're so cold
is modern family a feature film or a short film	modern family
what is a school color of holy family high school	holy family high school
what known health institute is located in bethlehem , pennsylvania	bethlehem , pennsylvania
which language is primarily utilized in ca n't be tamed	ca n't be tamed
who is the producer of the film paris , texas	paris , texas
which language is the little drummer boy sung in ?	the little drummer boy
what format does the gold collection : classic performances have	the gold collection : classic performances
what tournament was boys ' tennis , singles contested in	boys ' tennis , singles
what is a known korean electronic components , nec industry	electronic components , nec
what is the physical format of the release 3rd ?	3rd
is the gender of walter bowman male of female ?	walter bowman
who is the label for the artist devin bronson ?	devin bronson
who is the artist of the album live at montreux	live at montreux
what kind of album is master série , volume ii	master série , volume ii
what is the release type of the album black betty	black betty
what is a track from the recording off the wall	off the wall
what are the active ingredients in brucella melitensis 0.6 solution/drops	brucella melitensis 0.6 solution/drops
what was a sport played in the 1968 winter olympics	1968 winter olympics
what is the subject of the book the fiery cross	the fiery cross
what is a neighborhood in the greater los angeles area	greater los angeles area
richard day was the film art director for what movie	richard day
what 's one of the films that jason reitman directed	jason reitman
what genre of book is tamerlane the earth shaker ?	tamerlane the earth shaker
what language is the composition ready for the weekend in	ready for the weekend
what language is spoken in pirates of the caribbean 3	pirates of the caribbean 3
which city was not in love at all composed in	not in love at all
what shape is medique alcalak 420 chewable tablet in ?	medique alcalak 420 chewable tablet
who is a notable person that was born in copenhagen	copenhagen
what is an iso setting found on the olympus e-510	olympus e-510
what language is used in the film the gold retrievers	the gold retrievers
what is the primary color for camden catholic high school	camden catholic high school
what is the name of an album by dj khaled	dj khaled
what is an example of a male urologic disease ?	male urologic disease
what kinds of movie is bad day at black rock	bad day at black rock
what is the name of a book about outdoor life	outdoor life
what is the primary language in the film transformers 2	transformers 2
what is the title of a netflix documentary film ?	documentary film
what kind of film is woman of rome classified as	woman of rome
which entity took part in the lyuban offensive operation ?	lyuban offensive operation
what type of music is played by dead meadow ?	dead meadow
what artist is part of the new wave music genre	new wave music
which state is the total international career institute located in	total international career institute
who wrote the story behind the razor 's edge film	the razor 's edge
where was william henry allen 's place of birth ?	william henry allen
what style of music does lindy robbins perform in ?	lindy robbins
what type of music is a place like this ?	a place like this
which politician was born in salem , tamil nadu ?	salem , tamil nadu
what swedish city was gerard de geer born in ?	gerard de geer
what type of release did masters of rock have ?	masters of rock
what kind of show is mobile suit gundam 00 ?	mobile suit gundam 00
what kind of music is played on the v shows	the v shows
what type of discipline is acta biochimica et biophysica sinica	acta biochimica et biophysica sinica
which musician contains halleluya : the very best of 2001	halleluya : the very best of 2001
which towns are located in isle of wight county ?	isle of wight county
what is the place of birth of ralf jäger ?	ralf jäger
what was the soundtrack called for the movie mister lonely	mister lonely
what is the language family the shahmirzadi language belongs to	shahmirzadi language
what kind of music is on everybody 's crazy ?	everybody 's crazy
what movie will be found under the india netflix genre	india
whats the legal status of tadalafil 5 film coated tablet	tadalafil 5 film coated tablet
what kind of film is alzheimer - a postponed reality	alzheimer - a postponed reality
what is the active ingredient of formulation of glutamic acid	glutamic acid
what ideology is championed by buddhist liberal democratic party ?	buddhist liberal democratic party
what style of music does up dharma down perform ?	up dharma down
what type of school is mary d. bradford high school	mary d. bradford high school
where is indore institute of science & technology located ?	indore institute of science & technology
what type of music is lady danville known for ?	lady danville
what is a song from the ultimate party album iii	the ultimate party album iii
what 's the name of a village in illinois ?	illinois
which profession is professional poker player a specialization of ?	professional poker player
what platform was attack of the killer tomatoes released on	attack of the killer tomatoes
what is the original recording of christopher columbus called ?	christopher columbus
what genre of music is the album longneck bottle ?	longneck bottle
what is the legal structure of the henry schein organization	henry schein
who were the runners up in the super bowl xlv	super bowl xlv
where was the film the angry river filmed in ?	the angry river
what mode is international superstar soccer pro played on ?	international superstar soccer pro
what genre of music is mc breed known for ?	mc breed
which historical event took place in 18th century france ?	france
what genre of music is the album a hard road	a hard road
what is the title of a rock music album ?	rock music
what is the name of dar williams 's 2003 album	dar williams
what is the genre of the book prophet of moonshae	prophet of moonshae
what is a 20th century fox film produced in 1959	20th century fox
what region was you 're such a freak released in	you 're such a freak
who is a character of jojo 's bizarre adventure ?	jojo 's bizarre adventure
what kind of netflix film is in the blood ?	in the blood
what composition did melissa etheridge write the lyrics for ?	melissa etheridge
what kind of album is return of the pride ?	return of the pride
what is the origin of the artist battalion of saints	battalion of saints
what genre is queen : rock montreal & live aid	queen : rock montreal & live aid
in which language is sharpe ( tv series ) spoken	sharpe
name an artist known for radioio classic hip hop .	radioio classic hip hop
where was the birthplace of nik abdul aziz nik mat	nik abdul aziz nik mat
what bridge can be found over the yarra river ?	yarra river
what type of bridge is the richmond bridge , london	richmond bridge , london
which language is the film in love and war in	in love and war
what language is pastor jones : heavenly voices written in	pastor jones : heavenly voices
what is the legal status of dimenhydrinate 25 tablet ?	dimenhydrinate 25 tablet
who executively produced the film i am because we are	i am because we are
which female band created the album ready to run ?	ready to run
which 1987 film was based on the vietnam war ?	vietnam war
what is the cause of death of jon king ?	jon king
what is fireman jim flynn 's place of birth ?	fireman jim flynn
what city was joe burns ( american football ) born	joe burns
what country was the devil and daniel webster filmed in	the devil and daniel webster
what type of dialect is spoken in the tiramisu movie	tiramisu
whats the name of a bollywood movies thats on netflix	bollywood movies
which rock music albums were released by billy idol ?	rock music
what is the planetary system of the solar system ?	solar system
what is the subject of the freebase best margarita award	freebase best margarita
whats a city that can be found in alachua county	alachua county
where can you find the drug provigil 200 tablet ?	provigil 200 tablet
who is an artist know for doing industrial rock ?	industrial rock
what group of languages does the bwanabwana language belong to	bwanabwana language
who was a famous french writer born in lille ?	lille
which type of painting is the suicide of dorothy hale	the suicide of dorothy hale
what is the release type of the track tycho brahe	tycho brahe
what is gaby dunn 's in the news industry ?	gaby dunn
where is the united states national rugby union team from	united states national rugby union team
what is the cathedral of st. vincent de paul near	cathedral of st. vincent de paul
who did the music for the film the stratton story	the stratton story
what episode is from behind the music - season 2	behind the music - season 2
which war did edward a. devore , jr. fight in	edward a. devore , jr.
what is the location of louisiana technical college-shelby jackson campus	louisiana technical college-shelby jackson campus
what is the subject content of the book yes man	yes man
where is the film la saga des glaises from ?	la saga des glaises
in what topic gallery is ball-and-stick model of cumene found	ball-and-stick model of cumene
what kind of visual medium does richard harned work in	richard harned
what film series is society dog show a part of	society dog show
what fiction genre is the last of the winnebagos considered	the last of the winnebagos
which political party has arab nationalism as its political ideology	arab nationalism
what is the legal status of oxandrolone 10 tablet ?	oxandrolone 10 tablet
what 's a song off of drifting sands / bewitched	drifting sands / bewitched
what are the symptoms of the disease systemic lupus erythematosus	systemic lupus erythematosus
what is 24 hour party people classified as on netflix	24 hour party people
what arena does arizona wildcats men 's basketball play in	arizona wildcats men 's basketball
what is the color of risperidone 1 film coated tablet	risperidone 1 film coated tablet
what american rock and pop singer was born in chicago	chicago
what is the ideology behind the german free-minded party ?	german free-minded party
what kind of architectural structure does ujazdów castle have ?	ujazdów castle
what is a film within the historical fiction genre ?	historical fiction
which places were named after powel crosley , jr. ?	powel crosley , jr.
what was the parent cause of death of car accident	car accident
what 's a city that the kranebitter lohbach runs through	kranebitter lohbach
what 's a stand-up comedy on netflix featuring dave attell	stand-up comedy
which region is chet is back ! released in ?	chet is back !
what kind of film is a night in new orleans	night in new orleans
who wrote the story for pay as you enter ?	pay as you enter
what is an episode from the show night heat ?	night heat
what is the active moiety in zinc oxide 0.4 ointment	zinc oxide 0.4 ointment
what are the school colors for the immaculate heart academy	immaculate heart academy
what 's a movie that leslie s. hiscott has directed	leslie s. hiscott
what is the parent classification of ventricular fibrillation and flutter	ventricular fibrillation and flutter
what kind of music is joe satriani affiliated with ?	joe satriani
what edm group from roseland , nj plays electronica music	electronica
what kind of music is ... make you breathe ?	... make you breathe
who is the lyricist of the song the rafters ?	the rafters
what kind of music does beverly bivens fall under ?	beverly bivens
where in new york did lawrence lader died in ?	lawrence lader
who was the film casting director of winter 's tale	winter 's tale
what series is revenge of the pink panther from ?	revenge of the pink panther
what type of release is the age of goodbye ?	the age of goodbye
what is the name of the track off el salvador	el salvador
what is the genre of the album summing the approach	summing the approach
what kind of film is yeti : a love story	yeti : a love story
what is the bayer designation for andromeda ( constellation )	andromeda
what is the active ingredient of formulation for luteinizing hormone	luteinizing hormone
in which country was the over the wall movie produce	over the wall
who was the author editor of the book edition boston	boston
what type of religious thought does susie bright believe in	susie bright
which station does hall & oates 's music play on	hall & oates
where was escola de artes visuais do parque lage founded	escola de artes visuais do parque lage
who did the music for the film the man outside	the man outside
what is the time zone that clarksville is in ?	clarksville
celebrían is a fictional character created by what author ?	celebrían
what is a track by the artist velton ray bunch	velton ray bunch
what is the title of an action/adventure netflix film ?	action/adventure
which genre is the artist big mama thornton associated with	big mama thornton
what is the subject of the book how to birdwatch	how to birdwatch
john b. calhoun is a citizen of what country ?	john b. calhoun
what type of institution is the supreme court of pakistan	supreme court of pakistan
which language is spoken in temmink : the ultimate fight	temmink : the ultimate fight
what genre of music have trumpet , will excite !	have trumpet , will excite !
what body of water des the csx a-line bridge cross	csx a-line bridge
what type of music is featured on trans canada highway	trans canada highway
what is the have wheels , will travel book about	have wheels , will travel
what is the drug formulation of sodium chloride 4.5 irrigant	sodium chloride 4.5 irrigant
which olympics was men 's trap an event in ?	men 's trap
is the king 's dream a song or an album	the king 's dream
which san francisco native played as an outfielder in baseball	outfielder
what is the name of a star found in auriga	auriga
what frank lloyd wright designed house is in chattanooga ?	chattanooga
who is the child of don taylor ( actor )	don taylor
what genre of books are jennifer crusie famous for ?	jennifer crusie
what netflix genre is a tale of two sisters ?	a tale of two sisters
what is the genre of the show american gladiators ?	american gladiators
is xiao shan going home from china or hong kong	xiao shan going home
what type of school is bishop gorman high school ?	bishop gorman high school
which kingdom was involved with the battle of pombal ?	battle of pombal
what active ingredient is found in clam 0.1 injectable solution	clam 0.1 injectable solution
who is the musician that created from genesis to revelation	from genesis to revelation
which observatory was ( 12632 ) 3105 t-1 discovered ?	( 12632 ) 3105 t-1
what kind of music does andrea fuentealba valbak put out	andrea fuentealba valbak
which entity was involved in the battle of cape gloucester	battle of cape gloucester
who is an actor/ comedian featured on sing sing radio	sing sing radio
who is an artist that records under edel ag label	edel ag
is the sex of tom flores female or male ?	tom flores
where was evita : the motion picture music soundtrack released	evita : the motion picture music soundtrack
what type of film is the romance of my heart	the romance of my heart
what product is zinc oxide an active ingredient in ?	zinc oxide
what is the indians in american society written about ?	the indians in american society
what is a film in the documentary film genre ?	documentary film
what flavor does earache kids relief 30/30/30/30/30 liquid come in	earache kids relief 30/30/30/30/30 liquid
what is the name of a commune in italy ?	italy
what kind of condition did sterling holloway die from ?	sterling holloway
what type of music does the artist gorilla biscuits create	gorilla biscuits
of what genre is the film black men and me	black men and me
what body of water can be found in clark county	clark county
what 's a census designated area in the united states	united states
what type of architecture is the first universalist chruch ?	first universalist chruch
what gameplay mode is the videogame beatmania iidx 8th style	beatmania iidx 8th style
what type of film is so close to paradise ?	so close to paradise
which famous person was born in van nuys , california	van nuys , california
what netflix genre houses the adventures of pete & pete	the adventures of pete & pete
what album is an example of contemporary christian music ?	contemporary christian music
what type of school is newark tech high school ?	newark tech high school
what kind of music is found on the album fiesta	fiesta
what is a track from the release grandes exitos ?	grandes exitos
who is a starting pitcher for the atlanta braves ?	starting pitcher
what is named after michael collins ( astronaut ) ?	michael collins
what is the name of the military unity from indiana	indiana
what is the name of a famous english screenwriter ?	screenwriter
which football player was involved in the korean war ?	korean war
what are thriller ( genre ) movies on netflix ?	thriller
what kind of broadcast is new york times : backstory	new york times : backstory
where was the movies that which once was released ?	that which once was
which country is the movie the island of contenda from	the island of contenda
what is a subject in the villains of the impeachmenta	villains of the impeachmenta
what is a composition ferry corsten is known for ?	ferry corsten
what sport is yanya caballista : city skater about ?	yanya caballista : city skater
the track i miss you is part of what release	i miss you
what city and state did abe roth pass away in	abe roth
what is the genre of fletch ( film ) ?	fletch
which tracks are found in the recording paul mccartney ?	paul mccartney
what is the architectural style of the rockingham county courthouse	rockingham county courthouse
what kind of music is on band of gold ?	band of gold
which harry potter series did rufus scrimgeour appeared in ?	rufus scrimgeour
what is the dosage from of titanium dioxide 0.0258 lotion	titanium dioxide 0.0258 lotion
what is the 1922 edition of the book siddhartha ?	siddhartha
which position did mark quayle mostly play during his career	mark quayle
what is the format of the radio station dxip ?	dxip
what release came from the recording she 's gone ?	she 's gone
what type of activism does alan dershowitz take part in	alan dershowitz
what instrument does catherine delaunay know how to play ?	catherine delaunay
what is the place of death of paul rauch ?	paul rauch
which album is zombie nation 's song the stand on	the stand
what is the genre of music by jody watley ?	jody watley
which country does federation of bosnia and herzegovina belong to	federation of bosnia and herzegovina
what type of basketball position does oscar walker play ?	oscar walker
what recording is the song dance with my father on	dance with my father
name an artist under the record label sparton records .	sparton records
cab number 13 is a film in what language ?	cab number 13
in which texas city lee nguyen was born in ?	lee nguyen
which film is rakesh roshan credited as a producer ?	rakesh roshan
what country produced the film lif og daudi henry darger	lif og daudi henry darger
what type of music is the album blanc burn ?	blanc burn
what type of art form is william shakespeare burton ?	william shakespeare burton
name a person who works as a confidence artist .	confidence artist
what celestial object is ( 29219 ) 1992 bj ?	( 29219 ) 1992 bj
what kind of game is the exiled realm of arborea	the exiled realm of arborea
what is the region of the agta , isarog language	agta , isarog language
what is chinese elm 40000 injectable solution 's legal status	chinese elm 40000 injectable solution
what is short animation film from the year 2010 ?	animation
what is a language spoken in swift and shift couriers	swift and shift couriers
what form of government does the yemen arab republic have	yemen arab republic
what is the next book in the sabriel series ?	sabriel
what type of music does calm before the storm play	calm before the storm
who was the editor of the love and honor movie	love and honor
what is the legal status of chlorthalidone 50 tablet ?	chlorthalidone 50 tablet
what 's a good example of a dj mix album	dj mix
what form of song is this girl , black girl	this girl , black girl
what is the occupation of the fictional character james bond	james bond
what religion does nicholas alexandrovich , tsarevich of russia practice	nicholas alexandrovich , tsarevich of russia
who was the innovator for the idea of nonviolence ?	nonviolence
what type of book is entertaining with bluegrass winners cookbook	entertaining with bluegrass winners cookbook
which film was anand sai an art director for ?	anand sai
who was the developer of disney 's hide and sneak	disney 's hide and sneak
the release track no money down is from which recording	no money down
what region is the release the darc demos from ?	the darc demos
what is an active ingredient moiety of aripiprazole 5 tablet	aripiprazole 5 tablet
what kind of album is zrak , zemlja zrak ?	zrak , zemlja zrak
who is a south african football defender and midfielder ?	midfielder
what genre of film is rock n roll mamas ?	rock n roll mamas
what country is the film desperate but not serious from	desperate but not serious
what is the color of the marian catholic high school	marian catholic high school
what is the title of a television netflix genre ?	television
what is a doom metal album released in 2007 ?	doom metal
where did the fictional character ezio auditore da firenze live	ezio auditore da firenze
what movie genre is secret weapons of kung fu ?	secret weapons of kung fu
who is an artist in the rock music genre ?	rock music
where in california is the museum of latin american art	museum of latin american art
annie is a track from what recording and film ?	annie
which track is found on bandit rock , volume 1	bandit rock , volume 1
what is the canonical version of the recording automobile ?	automobile
what type of architecture is featured on the fletcher house	fletcher house
what is a song on nothing but good : 1952-1962	nothing but good : 1952-1962
who published the book edition dragons of the highlord skies	dragons of the highlord skies
what was the cause of death for alexandru sahia ?	alexandru sahia
who is the publisher of the game shrek super party	shrek super party
who is the artist that released the album titled gold	gold
what continent is university senior college a part of ?	university senior college
who designed chapel of the good shepherd , carlett park	chapel of the good shepherd , carlett park
what is a compilation album made by black or white	black or white
what genre is the artist sugar and the hi-lows ?	sugar and the hi-lows
what is the automotive class of the daihatsu copen ?	daihatsu copen
what was the release of the release track daniel ?	daniel
what is the release that the track energy is from	energy
who is the artist from the recording titled cloud 9	cloud 9
which genre can one find swamp thing under on netflix	swamp thing
what is the art form of the artist cornelius meffert	cornelius meffert
what 's an episode off deadly 60 - season 2	deadly 60 - season 2
who was inspired by the philosopher and politician thomas more	thomas more
what genre is the tv show the plucky duck show	the plucky duck show
dave moore is a citizen of what european country ?	dave moore
what is the format of the place beyond the pines	the place beyond the pines
which country did the battle of maravar pass take place	battle of maravar pass
who composed debussy , ravel , schumann : piano works	debussy , ravel , schumann : piano works
what is a song from ruff ryders presents drag-on ?	ruff ryders presents drag-on
who recorded the album reket roll iz šume striborove ?	reket roll iz šume striborove
who was the main source of influence for joseph margolis	joseph margolis
what song was included in we make our own luck	we make our own luck
what position in american football does bubba smith play ?	bubba smith
what music is played in the one for all album	one for all
what type of album is kaho naa ... pyaar hai	kaho naa ... pyaar hai
what is the album type of live in oslo ?	live in oslo
who was the artist of the descent from the cross	the descent from the cross
who is the recording artist of the song mississippi ?	mississippi
what is a track from canada blue note festival '96	canada blue note festival '96
which indian online marketing professional was influenced by bill gates	bill gates
what type of album is this is where you belong	this is where you belong
in what language is the voice of poland program spoken	the voice of poland
what kind of film is village of the giants ?	village of the giants
what is the name of a work by leonid gaidai	leonid gaidai
what color presents to royal grammar school , high wycombe	royal grammar school , high wycombe
what position did senegalese football player ali dia play ?	ali dia
what is i will always love you notable for ?	i will always love you
what is a song from the album out of office	out of office
what kind of art is justin michael jenkins associated with	justin michael jenkins
what is the subject of the national portrait gallery ?	the national portrait gallery
which genre of music is the album zig-zag walk ?	zig-zag walk
what is the track list of stoned & dethroned ?	stoned & dethroned
how is teeth lost , hearts won. sold in stores	teeth lost , hearts won.
what is the coloring of a central asian shepherd dog	central asian shepherd dog
what genre of music is the album new moon ?	new moon
whats the subject of the written work titled tallulah bankhead	tallulah bankhead
what track is the recording habanera based off of ?	habanera
what is the title of a rock music album ?	rock music
what was julia neuberger , baroness neuberger 's profession ?	julia neuberger , baroness neuberger
what type of music is featured on roll with it	roll with it
what kind of music is on singing priests of tagbilaran	singing priests of tagbilaran
what is the track list from the release titled meddle	meddle
in what region of the world was definitely maybe released	definitely maybe
name someone who contributed to the film isaac bashevis singer	isaac bashevis singer
which city is featured in the movie oil city confidential	oil city confidential
what type of film is klezmer on fish street ?	klezmer on fish street
who is an artist that makes rhythm and blues music	rhythm and blues
who released the album the very best of rosanne cash	the very best of rosanne cash
what is the name of a heavy metal from finland	heavy metal
what is the subject of the book the sledding hill	the sledding hill
what is the name of a child of mary wells	mary wells
what is an album by athlete ( band ) ?	athlete
where was turbo : a power rangers movie filmed ?	turbo : a power rangers movie
what kind of television show is la blue girl ?	la blue girl
who is the developer of the world ends with you	the world ends with you
what is a color of the elizabeth cobb middle school	elizabeth cobb middle school
what is the subject of the book titled ecstatic dance	ecstatic dance
who was the publisher of blokus portable : steambot championship	blokus portable : steambot championship
what is the subject of the book believing is seeing	believing is seeing
who created an album called live ... in the raw	live ... in the raw
what is the name of a composition by dave mustaine	dave mustaine
what was involved in the battle of arroyo grande ?	battle of arroyo grande
glossodynia is a symptom of what kind of ailment ?	glossodynia
name a band that falls under the classical music genre	classical music
which film was produced by executive producer josé luis escolar	josé luis escolar
what company manufactures the drug banzel 400 film coated tablet	banzel 400 film coated tablet
which country made hercules : the brave and the bold	hercules : the brave and the bold
what language is spoken in any bonds today ? ?	any bonds today ?
what genre of music does the artist darren hayes produce	darren hayes
who published the vampire : the masquerade - redemption game	vampire : the masquerade - redemption
what 's an episode from rifftrax - season 1 ?	rifftrax - season 1
what kind of album is i thought it was you	i thought it was you
where is west cape may , new jersey located ?	west cape may , new jersey
where is american institute of alternative medicine located at ?	american institute of alternative medicine
what are songs by maurice williams & the zodiacs ?	maurice williams & the zodiacs
what is an edition of the book my dog tulip	my dog tulip
which country was the film boys life 7 created in	boys life 7
what is a track featured on the recording las vegas	las vegas
what is the album in the electronic dance music genre	electronic dance music
what is a book written by c. j. cherryh ?	c. j. cherryh
what release can the recording los angeles be found ?	los angeles
what army was the 10th ohio infantry a part of	10th ohio infantry
what songs did otto harbach write the lyrics to ?	otto harbach
which album did placido domingo contribute with gaetano donizetti ?	gaetano donizetti
what language is the movie never belongs to me in	never belongs to me
what format was born to be no good released in	born to be no good
what group of languages does the malaynon language belong to	malaynon language
what is the name of himesh reshammiya 's album ?	himesh reshammiya
what style of architecture was crawford hall built in ?	crawford hall
what is the genre of the film shadow boxing 3	shadow boxing 3
who is the author of becoming a graphic designer ?	becoming a graphic designer
what type of car body style is the lagonda v12	lagonda v12
what type of movie is dil ne jise apna kahaa	dil ne jise apna kahaa
the film the trench is considered what type of genre	the trench
which jazz musician was born in the municipality of steinkjer	steinkjer
what is a track on the release in paris ?	in paris
which game engine does escape from monkey island use ?	escape from monkey island
what release is a christmas carol a part of ?	a christmas carol
what is the name of an episode from breaking amish	breaking amish
who was the editor of fassbinder , berlin alexanderplatz ?	fassbinder , berlin alexanderplatz
what country is the film the least among you from	the least among you
what track came off of sundissential : the album !	sundissential : the album !
what type of program is tv patrol southern mindanao ?	tv patrol southern mindanao
what is a constituent school of the vermont state colleges	vermont state colleges
which songs were in the album no mean city ?	no mean city
what kind of music is getz/gilberto vol. 2 classified as	getz/gilberto vol. 2
what kind of series is june 17 , 2009 ?	june 17 , 2009
what formatting does chet atkins picks on the beatles have	chet atkins picks on the beatles
who was the producer for blind elevator girl / osaka	blind elevator girl / osaka
what is a notable album from the heavy metal genre	heavy metal
what language is used in shelley ( tv series )	shelley
what division does navy midshipmen men 's basketball play for	navy midshipmen men 's basketball
what is the location of fairmont senior high school ?	fairmont senior high school
what type of educational institution was western brown high school	western brown high school
what is the name of a horror movie on netflix	horror movie
what is an edition from the book jane austen ?	jane austen
whats the name of a street located in south beach	south beach
which city is located in wabasha county , minnesota ?	wabasha county
what is the prequel to condemned 2 : bloodshot ?	condemned 2 : bloodshot
what is the release type of the original delta blues	the original delta blues
what 's a song featured on street sweeper social club	street sweeper social club
what type of work is johnson and boswell in ?	johnson and boswell
what country is the film rossini ! rossini ! from	rossini ! rossini !
what format was fullmetal alchemist original soundtrack 1 released in	fullmetal alchemist original soundtrack 1
what is the administrative division of rockwall county , texas	rockwall county
what 's a topic dealt with in redeeming the lost	redeeming the lost
what is the genre of the film this so-called disaster	this so-called disaster
which state in the united states is daisy lake in	daisy lake
what is a title under the netflix genre horror ?	horror
what type of album is 16 most requested songs ?	16 most requested songs
what format was surf legends and rumors 1961-1964 released as	surf legends and rumors 1961-1964
what is the location , peosta , contained by ?	peosta
what was the netflix genre of the title blood crime	blood crime
what is the genre of the tv program ko one	ko one
what medium was vous êtes ici ! ! released on	vous êtes ici ! !
what company is part of the electronic health record industry	electronic health record
what 's a town in the aquitaine region of france	aquitaine
what is the place of birth of john harris ,	john harris ,
what is the drug category of benzalkonium chloride 0.0013 lotion	benzalkonium chloride 0.0013 lotion
what 's the parent institute of boonshoft school of medicine	boonshoft school of medicine
what asteroid group is 656 beagle a member of ?	656 beagle
what film was directed by oliver stone in 1981 ?	oliver stone
what kind of team is the kidderminster harriers f.c .	kidderminster harriers
what film did mary jo slater do the casting for	mary jo slater
what genre of tv show is land girls in ?	land girls
what genre of book is the kingdom of this world	the kingdom of this world
name a brazilian football player who plays defender position ?	defender
american actor francis de sales is of what gender ?	francis de sales
what is one of the colors of the gwinnett gladiators	gwinnett gladiators
who were the designers for the game purikura daisakusen ?	purikura daisakusen
who is the album two for the early dew by	two for the early dew
what is the genre of the album love kraft ?	love kraft
who was the composer of the famous symphony no. 29	symphony no. 29
what is the name of a microsoft windows game ?	microsoft windows
name a soccer play that plays the defender position .	defender
what is a country that sells persantine 50 coated tablet	persantine 50 coated tablet
what was charles m. robinson iii 's place of birth	charles m. robinson iii
who wrote the story for rogue trader ( film )	rogue trader
which airport was american airlines flight 77 bound for ?	american airlines flight 77
what 's a movie in the slapstick genre on netflix	slapstick
who was the artist behind the album the sexual healer	the sexual healer
which country filmed the movie dime algo por última vez	dime algo por última vez
what version did believe ( single version ) come from	believe
what is the format of the release private dancer ?	private dancer
what is the ultimate weight solution for teens about ?	the ultimate weight solution for teens
what is william prescott frost , jr. for a living	william prescott frost , jr.
which netflix genre is rush : beyond the lighted stage	rush : beyond the lighted stage
which tracks are a part of the release babylon ?	babylon
what is the track list for the release pronto ?	pronto
who did robert henri play an influential role on ?	robert henri
what is the genre of game friday the 13th ?	friday the 13th
what is a title in the netflix genre action/adventure ?	action/adventure
what is the film genre of black crescent moon ?	black crescent moon
who is an african american painter famous for biblical paintings	african american
what is the genre of interview with anne rice ?	interview with anne rice
what city in new york was les krims born in	les krims
what country is on the film idiot : vol. 1	idiot : vol. 1
what country does the show tripping the rift originate from	tripping the rift
what is the subject of nietzsche in 90 minutes ?	nietzsche in 90 minutes
what automotive class does the renault frégate model belong to	renault frégate
what type of structure does the european free alliance has	european free alliance
which film did molly nyman contribute the music for ?	molly nyman
who designed the costumes for the film a beautiful mind	a beautiful mind
what types of movie is unfinished song , my love	unfinished song , my love
what is the name of a track by dean martin	dean martin
what is the netflix genre of beneath loch ness ?	beneath loch ness
what is the name of a progressive metal album ?	progressive metal
name a female fictional character with the flight ability .	flight
what is the track list from 15 levels of magnification	15 levels of magnification
name one american stand-up comedian who died from heroin overdose	heroin overdose
what was the subject of the film once were warriors	once were warriors
what kind of video game is british open championship golf	british open championship golf
what kind of album is essential pebbles , volume 3	essential pebbles , volume 3
who created the lyrics for the composition one step closer	one step closer
what is the genre of the film the rival ?	the rival
jesús armando sánchez was born in which mexican city ?	jesús armando sánchez
what part is protected by florida department of environmental protection	florida department of environmental protection
what language is spoken in my dad is a champ	my dad is a champ
what is a regiment involved in the american civil war	regiment
which union army served in the american civil war ?	union army
what type of film is kwaidan ( film ) ?	kwaidan
what type of educational institution is esperanza high school ?	esperanza high school
what is the language of gag 100kaibun aishite kudasai ?	gag 100kaibun aishite kudasai
what type of license does tolka park dublin have ?	tolka park dublin
what ethnicity is pierre de bourdeille , seigneur de brantôme	pierre de bourdeille , seigneur de brantôme
what of type of music is stop space return ?	stop space return
what album compilation type is the album freight train blues	freight train blues
who is the publisher associated with boogaloo on second avenue	boogaloo on second avenue
what 's a game released by electronic arts in 1983	electronic arts
what artist recorded unchained melody ( extended version ) ?	unchained melody ( extended version )
name a track from the release plug in + play	plug in + play
what tracks are on the album keep on rollin '	keep on rollin '
where was waiting for godot : a bilingual edition published	waiting for godot : a bilingual edition
where did max baer ( boxer ) die in la	max baer
what city and state did ezra stone pass away in	ezra stone
who is a producer from the recording like a prayer	like a prayer
which genre of music is the album torches in ?	torches
what is h. tristram engelhardt , jr. best known for	h. tristram engelhardt , jr.
what is the mode type for the maze of galious	the maze of galious
who was the executive producer of home of the brave	home of the brave
which record label was je te dis vous released under	je te dis vous
what kind of school is bishop neumann high school ?	bishop neumann high school
what are the tracks listed in the release up ?	up
what type of operation is market harborough building society ?	market harborough building society
what are some of the tracks produced by odb ?	odb
what is a book that laura ingalls wilder authored ?	laura ingalls wilder
what is the original language of mazer in prison ?	mazer in prison
what style of music does kieran hebden belong to ?	kieran hebden
what is the name of a political drama film ?	political drama
skyzoo is considered what kind of genre of rap ?	skyzoo
which two-part yuri tv program was featured in 2010 ?	yuri
what is the recording label that released brain thrust mastery	brain thrust mastery
name an artist under the label sony pictures entertainment .	sony pictures entertainment
what language is utilized in the film the wool cap	the wool cap
what kind of binding does girl in landscape have ?	girl in landscape
who 's album is the mark of the judas ?	the mark of the judas
what is the recording from like a rolling stone ?	like a rolling stone
who is a person whose cause of death was leukemia	leukemia
what type of rose is rosa 'frau karl druschki '	rosa 'frau karl druschki '
what kind of music is 21st century power pop riot	21st century power pop riot
what was the release for the release track baby ?	baby
what ethnic group of people does dennis ross belong to	dennis ross
what type of album is wristcutters : a love story	wristcutters : a love story
which tv program was the episode john edwards released in	john edwards
whats the name of the canonical version of little rock	little rock
what is the name of a community in kentucky ?	kentucky
where is 2005 martin ray napa valley cabernet sauvignon created	2005 martin ray napa valley cabernet sauvignon
what genre is kao u snu – ekv live 1991	kao u snu – ekv live 1991
what area of activism is edward m. strait involved in	edward m. strait
which city does the airline braniff international airways focus on	braniff international airways
what company is in the business process outsourcing industry ?	business process outsourcing
where was zen cd : a ninja tune retrospective released	zen cd : a ninja tune retrospective
who is the discovery organization that discovered 12343 martinbeech ?	12343 martinbeech
what is the name of a track by claudio abbado	claudio abbado
what was a sport held at the 1912 summer olympics	1912 summer olympics
what color is actoplus met 15/850 film coated tablet ?	actoplus met 15/850 film coated tablet
what subject does the steep approach to garbadale deal with	the steep approach to garbadale
this magnet school is located in fresno , ca .	magnet school
who wrote the music for the movie women in trouble	women in trouble
who provided the the film art directed for naked ?	naked
how would danton mew be classified in regards to gender	danton mew
what is the name of the scream 3 soundtrack ?	scream 3
what game series is tails ' skypatrol a part of	tails ' skypatrol
what release did a tale of two cities come from	a tale of two cities
which asterioid group is 5314 wilkickia a member of ?	5314 wilkickia
what subject is the book tales from wrescal lane about	tales from wrescal lane
who is a notable person that was born in cairo	cairo
what is a broader language of the czech language called	czech language
what movie can be found under the netflix genre india	india
what are the colors of watkins memorial high school ?	watkins memorial high school
this band is the artist of sunny side ! .	sunny side !
who wrote the music for the film matter of heart	matter of heart
what was a game for kids made by humongous entertainment	humongous entertainment
which artist recorded quiet storm ( soul square remix )	quiet storm ( soul square remix )
whats the name of a song on the little earthquakes	little earthquakes
what is the genre of the netflix movie calcutta mail	calcutta mail
who was the developer of the game hero of sparta	hero of sparta
what is a place located within santa fe county ?	santa fe county
what is an episode from the tv show the exes	the exes
what genre is the book the four false weapons ?	the four false weapons
what type of album is バブルガムクライシス 4 : revenge road	バブルガムクライシス 4 : revenge road
what is the genre of the book the pact ?	the pact
where is the film the time in between from ?	the time in between
what ideology do the union of citizens of georgia practice	union of citizens of georgia
what is an island in the islands of vanuatu ?	islands of vanuatu
what category is my son the vampire under on netflix	my son the vampire
name a track that was engineered by rudy van gelder	rudy van gelder
burmese state was created when the japanese occupied what ?	burmese state
who is the author of quotations from chairman mao tse-tung	quotations from chairman mao tse-tung
what type of media is towards disappearance , ii ?	towards disappearance , ii
where in the us is henry johnson buried in ?	henry johnson
what drug is in the shape of a circle ?	circle
what is the name of a warren county town ?	warren county
what kind of film is how to steal 2 million	how to steal 2 million
who composed the music for the film the inheritance ?	the inheritance
what track is the recording jesus christ included in ?	jesus christ
what language is featured in the film bowling for columbine	bowling for columbine
battle of rappahannock river is apart of what large event	battle of rappahannock river
which emperor was involved in ming conquest of yunnan ?	ming conquest of yunnan
where is the tm network japanese pop/rock musical band from	tm network
what 's a model within the tyrrell line of cars	tyrrell
who was the artist of the album nina simone ?	nina simone
what did amir-abbas hoveyda die as a result of ?	amir-abbas hoveyda
whats the genre of the film lights of old broadway	lights of old broadway
what is the administrative division of the country libya ?	libya
what is the name of an indian film director ?	film director
which film was amanda brown a film story contributor for	amanda brown
who did the music for the film aaj ka boss	aaj ka boss
what type of film is rwanda : living forgiveness ?	rwanda : living forgiveness
what netflix genre does the title angry harvest belong to	angry harvest
what genre of porn does dripping creampies 6 belong to	dripping creampies 6
what is the genre of music that hail makes ?	hail
which continent can the bang pakong river be found ?	bang pakong river
which caribbean country is robert `` robbie '' shakespeare from	robert `` robbie '' shakespeare
what was the release type of the album discouraged ones	discouraged ones
what genre on netflix is paris : city of light	paris : city of light
what film was randy edelman a music contributor for ?	randy edelman
what is the label that releases robert quine 's music	robert quine
what is the name of an accommodation in bhubaneswar ?	bhubaneswar
what is the title of the madame jeanne hebuterne portrait	portrait
what is the language of the film watermelon man ?	watermelon man
where did the film tubular bells ii live originate ?	tubular bells ii live
what is johannes meintjes 's favorite material to work with	johannes meintjes
what was the release type of playmate to jesus ?	playmate to jesus
what kind of album is life in a beautiful light	life in a beautiful light
who composed the song paparazzi ( lady gaga song )	paparazzi
johnny gentle 's music would most accurately labeled as ?	johnny gentle
what type of cancer did thami el glaoui die from	thami el glaoui
what country is the film garden of eden from ?	garden of eden
what is the name of a community in ohio ?	ohio
which artist worked on the album live and smokin '	live and smokin '
what 's an olympic games that new zealand participated in	new zealand
what 's an episode from chef abroad - season 2	chef abroad - season 2
what is an example of a heavy metal band ?	heavy metal
what kind of drug is liothyronine sodium 50 tablet ?	liothyronine sodium 50 tablet
what is a track that was produced by john congleton	john congleton
what kind of school is lewis college of business ?	lewis college of business
what is soldier with the green whiskers 's gender ?	soldier with the green whiskers
what category does the celestial object 943 begonia belong to	943 begonia
who is the director of the theater production sherlock holmes	sherlock holmes
which county is the del monte forest , california found	del monte forest , california
what topic is houses and gardens of portugal written about	houses and gardens of portugal
which country is the battle of the colline gate in	battle of the colline gate
what is the subject of the book sacred tarot ?	sacred tarot
what type of music does the artist he yong play	he yong
what area does the mythical creature black dog appear in	black dog
what was the founder of elizabeth glaser pediatric aids foundation	elizabeth glaser pediatric aids foundation
what type of album is my love ultimate essential collection	my love ultimate essential collection
what is the title of a tv crime fiction ?	crime fiction
what releases contain the track on the way home ?	on the way home
what is the spirit color of west holmes high school	west holmes high school
who was the artist that recorded blue yodel # 9	blue yodel # 9
what 's a song from urgh ! a music war	urgh ! a music war
which actor was born in wilmington , north carolina ?	wilmington , north carolina
what genre is the netflix title the wedding director ?	the wedding director
advise & consent is a film produced by whom ?	advise & consent
who wrote the life of jesus in masterpieces of art	the life of jesus in masterpieces of art
what is the origin of sixpence none the richer ?	sixpence none the richer
what kind of object is ( 5834 ) 1992 sz14	( 5834 ) 1992 sz14
what country gave jeb loy nichols his or her nationality	jeb loy nichols
what is the school type of hemet high school ?	hemet high school
who is an associated author with the movement of modernism	modernism
which major war did edward whipple bancroft morrison participate in	edward whipple bancroft morrison
what drug is estradiol 0.0375 patch an ingredient in ?	estradiol 0.0375 patch
what genre is the computer videogame i of the dragon	i of the dragon
what kind of album is the best of roger whittaker	the best of roger whittaker
what film locations were featured in hong kong confidential ?	hong kong confidential
what is the subject of the book writ of execution	writ of execution
what is the birth place of minnie tittell brune ?	minnie tittell brune
what city is montessori education center of the rockies in	montessori education center of the rockies
what kind of a museum is metropolitan museum of art	metropolitan museum of art
what is the name of a town in poland ?	poland
what composer made never give up on the good times	never give up on the good times
what is the corresponding type of the profession biologist ?	biologist
what is the second level division of douglas county ?	douglas county
what is james mitchell ( manager ) 's gender ?	james mitchell
what album did the artist pyotr ilyich tchaikovsky make ?	pyotr ilyich tchaikovsky
what is the name of an alternative rock album ?	alternative rock
who is an artist on the nuclear blast record label	nuclear blast
what is the film de sade ( film ) about	de sade
what topic is the river of winged dreams about ?	the river of winged dreams
what 's a radio station that focuses on sports radio	sports radio
what film format was used in the filming of hare-hunting	hare-hunting
what star system is 1702 kalahari a part of ?	1702 kalahari
what image is about the subject of plagues of egypt	plagues of egypt
what sort of book is the war between the tates	the war between the tates
name a drug that includes fluoride as an active ingredient	fluoride
what is the title of a netflix documentary film ?	documentary film
which are the founders of the space frontier foundation ?	space frontier foundation
what are of activism is mark anthony bracegirdle apart of	mark anthony bracegirdle
what film did chris edwards design the film production for	chris edwards
what is a piece written by the auther amiri baraka	amiri baraka
what game did the king of fighters 2000 come from	the king of fighters 2000
what kind of music does la casa azul make ?	la casa azul
who produced the recording of frozen ( widescreen mix )	frozen ( widescreen mix )
name a film in the netflix genre celtic music .	celtic music
what is an edition of the book star trek 1	star trek 1
who created the lyrics for carry on up the vicarage	carry on up the vicarage
the album imaginary diseases is what genre of music ?	imaginary diseases
who designed the costumes for the film mon premier amour	mon premier amour
what country does the film music inn come from ?	music inn
in which county of romania is the căianu river located	căianu river
what is the name of someone who is african american	african american
what type of album is the archies greatest hits ?	the archies greatest hits
what image is saiwa swamp national park the topic of	saiwa swamp national park
what country is in the movie los perros de dios	los perros de dios
what book style does a warlock in whitby associate with	a warlock in whitby
what are some examples of a parody news program ?	news program
what is a travel destination near slovene ethnographic museum ?	slovene ethnographic museum
who is a singer and a model ( person )	model
what is a movie by the cinematographer s. gopal reddy	gopal reddy
what kind of movie is the death of an insect	the death of an insect
who is an artist that was signed by epic records	epic records
who is a blogger that writes for the daily kos	daily kos
who is the artist of the recording baby boy ?	baby boy
what is the name of a place in mississippi ?	mississippi
what is a language of the film little world ?	little world
what is allowed to be eaten on a gluten-free diet	gluten-free diet
where are images saved to on the casio exilim ex-z500	casio exilim ex-z500
what is an internet video written by rob corddry ?	rob corddry
which track is in the release of seven more minutes	seven more minutes
what country was involved in the russian conquest of bukhara	russian conquest of bukhara
who is the director of the canada on strike episode	canada on strike
whats the name of an agency in the united states	united states
whats the language in the film the great circus mystery	the great circus mystery
what genre does the house of odd book fall under	house of odd
what is an album released by killdozer ( band )	killdozer
which song list does closer than they appear come from	closer than they appear
where in new york did paul oskar kristeller die ?	paul oskar kristeller
what country does scooby-doo 2 : monsters unleashed take place	scooby-doo 2 : monsters unleashed
who is the developer of the game allied general ?	allied general
what type of fictional character species is wonder girl ?	wonder girl
what track was made by the artist zi : kill	zi : kill
who was the grandsire for the racing horse viva pataca	viva pataca
which instruments does elisa ( singer ) mainly play ?	elisa
what is the topic of the book developing expert systems	developing expert systems
name a athlete who plays shooting guard in basketball .	shooting guard
what 's the legal status of titanium dioxide 0.03 emulsion	titanium dioxide 0.03 emulsion
what shows have james wong ( producer ) created ?	james wong
what type of book is way out of no way	way out of no way
what type of release was when the night is over	when the night is over
what language is spoken in the tv show sailor moon	sailor moon
which position in football does angelo pizzetti play as ?	angelo pizzetti
what is the book el whisky de los poetas about	el whisky de los poetas
which genre in netflix can dead heart be found under	dead heart
is rhett miller or beyonce the artist associated with mythologies	mythologies
what type of binding is john carter of mars ?	john carter of mars
who is a character from the book 61 hours ?	61 hours
what is the film format of a 35 mm film	35 mm film
how is the netflix title a battle of wits classified	a battle of wits
what is the next book in the hunger games series	the hunger games
what type of music does is smoking popes known for	smoking popes
what type of release is qismat apnay haath mein ?	qismat apnay haath mein
where is santa clara pueblo , new mexico located ?	santa clara pueblo , new mexico
what sort of music is the album entangled in chaos	entangled in chaos
what movie was inspired by colombian writer gabriel garcía márquez	gabriel garcía márquez
mark moore is known for what type of musical genre	mark moore
what kind of rock is jacques dutronc classified under ?	jacques dutronc
what is the origin of the artist casting crowns ?	casting crowns
who is god rest ye merry , gentlemen by ?	god rest ye merry , gentlemen
what is the genre of the tv program storefront lawyers	storefront lawyers
sing a song for you is what kind of album	sing a song for you
name a person born in turks and caicos islands .	turks and caicos islands
who wrote the tv episode little britain abroad part 2	little britain abroad part 2
what is the subject of the sacred art of shakespeare	the sacred art of shakespeare
what genre of film is night and day in ?	night and day
who was the artist in the visual art form painting	painting
which position does the football player samir fazli play ?	samir fazli
what is the place of death of lane smith ?	lane smith
what kind of music does the emerson string quartet play	emerson string quartet
who is the child of santo trafficante , sr. ?	santo trafficante , sr.
whos the artist behind the recording titled night in tunisia	night in tunisia
which former st. louis cardinals player was an outfielder ?	outfielder
what is a album in the heavy metal genre ?	heavy metal
what type of album is dirty : best of ?	dirty : best of
which position does athirson mazolli e oliveira play in football	athirson mazolli e oliveira
what film genre is murder : by reason of insanity	murder : by reason of insanity
which soundtrack is in the videogame 50 cent : bulletproof	50 cent : bulletproof
what entity was involved in the battle of teba ?	battle of teba
kid vs. kat is a tv program in what language	kid vs. kat
what are some of the track produced by afrojack ?	afrojack
what is one of the books written by zig ziglar	zig ziglar
what timezone governs the time in hawaii county , hawaii	hawaii county
what is the name of a horse from australia ?	australia
shannon lee was an executive producer for which film ?	shannon lee
which albums were released by marduk ( band ) ?	marduk
austin lane crothers died in this city and state .	austin lane crothers
what release can the recording viola be found on ?	viola
what was an entity involved in the action at happrew	action at happrew
what medium was the german years 1977-1999 released on ?	the german years 1977-1999
who produced mae day : the crumbling of a documentary	mae day : the crumbling of a documentary
what armed for does the 192nd ohio infantry belong to	192nd ohio infantry
who made tonight ( i 'm lovin ' you )	tonight ( i 'm lovin ' you )
what were some lyrics that were written by amy ray	amy ray
which type of asteroid group is 13268 trevorcorbin present in	13268 trevorcorbin
8397 chiakitanaka is a part of what asteroid group ?	8397 chiakitanaka
what was the release type of dj-kicks : rockers hi-fi	dj-kicks : rockers hi-fi
9 appears in the topic gallery of what photographer ?	9
what is used to formulate carbamazepine 200 extended release tablet	carbamazepine 200 extended release tablet
what language was the age of reason originally written in	the age of reason
is 1979 ( song ) a song or an album	1979
what musical form is the composition angel of death ?	angel of death
in which country was the night of the generals filmed	the night of the generals
what kind of music is barbie world : the mixtape	barbie world : the mixtape
what country is advil pm 25/200 liquid filled capsule in	advil pm 25/200 liquid filled capsule
which region was the serpent and the rainbow released ?	the serpent and the rainbow
what 's a song that billy corgan wrote lyrics for	billy corgan
what is an event that occurred at the metropolitan manila	metropolitan manila
what is an artist associated with emi music japan ?	emi music japan
what is the campus associated with wentworth institute of technology	wentworth institute of technology
name a forward that plays for the zambian soccer team	forward
who is a member of the house of wittelsbach ?	house of wittelsbach
what is a film in the romance film genre ?	romance film
what is the content type of the album pause ?	pause
this film falls under the mandarin chinese netflix genre .	mandarin chinese
what film did pete dexter assist in the writing of	pete dexter
what format was ses plus grands succès released as ?	ses plus grands succès
who did the cinematography for the film the monitors ?	the monitors
in what state is the whittenton fire and police station	whittenton fire and police station
what subject is the written work the littlest leaguer ?	the littlest leaguer
what is a track from the release song to fly	song to fly
what is a postal code in lynchburg , virginia ?	lynchburg , virginia
who is the artist of on the balcony during carnival	on the balcony during carnival
is before dawn spoken in the german language or french	before dawn
what is the name of a city in lasalle county	lasalle county
what is the title in the netflix genre south korea	south korea
what is the subject of your family in focus ?	your family in focus
what sort of rock does tem pra todo mundo perform	tem pra todo mundo
what is derek holloway most known for in sports ?	derek holloway
what musical format was love 's strange ways composed as	love 's strange ways
what release is you get what you give on ?	you get what you give
what is the name of a popular black-and-white fil ,	black-and-white
which historical film did jordi savall provided music for ?	jordi savall
what entity was involved in the battle of mount olympus	battle of mount olympus
what 's a horror motion picture directed by philip cruz	horror
what is a song from everything 's a dollar album	everything 's a dollar
which area of activism is somchai neelapaijit a part of	somchai neelapaijit
what country was william burton ( governor ) born in	william burton
who was the executive producer for the movie rushmore ?	rushmore
what is located in ulster county , new york ?	ulster county , new york
which famous family is patricia kennedy lawford a member of	patricia kennedy lawford
which body of water does the champ clark bridge span	champ clark bridge
who is a notable person that was born in estonia	estonia
who is the author of the book flesh and blood	flesh and blood
what type of book is a face at the window	a face at the window
what location is in the eastern european time zone ?	eastern european time zone
what country is kebayoran lama , south jakarta located in	kebayoran lama , south jakarta
what kind of music is on the cope park album	cope park
who are the parents of princess sophie-philippine of france ?	princess sophie-philippine of france
what census-designated places are in clark county , nevada ?	clark county
who made the album lick my decals off , baby	lick my decals off , baby
who is the lyricist behind sunny ( medley ) ?	sunny ( medley )
what is the subject of the book titled wild sex	wild sex
what film did bhanu athaiya design the costumes for ?	bhanu athaiya
what kind of show is charlie valentine on netflix ?	charlie valentine
what is the title of a book about hockey ?	hockey
what type of release was the album 55 cadillac ?	55 cadillac
what type of album is point blank / the outfit	point blank / the outfit
who is the cinematographer that worked on the film sparkle	sparkle
what is a 1988 asteroid discovered at the palomar observatory	palomar observatory
what is a track on the release the guide ?	the guide
what state was these happy golden years written about ?	these happy golden years
what type of musical release is in good company ?	in good company
what type of religious practice doe maharishi mahesh yogi have	maharishi mahesh yogi
what language is a pillow case of mystery broadcast in	a pillow case of mystery
what 's the name of a rock music artist ?	rock music
what kind of film is day of the animals ?	day of the animals
what language is spoken in the film titled akō gishi	akō gishi
who is the founder of ms. foundation for women ?	ms. foundation for women
which season was bigg boss ( indian tv series )	bigg boss
name a film under the genre of action film .	action film
what 's a song from the made on earth tracklisting	made on earth
what language was the film tokyo hot n0452 done in	tokyo hot n0452
who directed the film set of diary of the dead	diary of the dead
what space mission did sandra magnus take a part of	sandra magnus
name a garage rock album with a numerical name .	garage rock
what type of activism is alexander aris known for ?	alexander aris
what type of language is coming apart spoken in ?	coming apart
what 's a book that features the character fred weasley	fred weasley
what is the genre of music that econoline crush makes	econoline crush
where was pirates ii : stagnettis revenge filmed at ?	pirates ii
which asian languages is the film loveholic available in ?	loveholic
what is the name of a track by edie brickell	edie brickell
what is the ethnicity of the fictional character charles eastman	charles eastman
what is a record label that worked with trine rein	trine rein
what is the name of an island in lake baikal	lake baikal
which period of visual art is marc chagall associated with	marc chagall
what major city does iowa highway 150 go through ?	iowa highway 150
which tracks were produced by the artist universal principles ?	universal principles
what is a title of a documentary netflix film ?	documentary
which diet allows the consumption of champagne ( wine )	champagne
what is the subject of dr. seuss goes to war	dr. seuss goes to war
what film sets have clay a. griffith helped design ?	clay a. griffith
what is an example of when aria was used ?	aria
what 's the best way to describ service 's music	service
this artist is behind the album so many partings .	so many partings
what was the reason for thomas spencer wells 's death	thomas spencer wells
what 's a mountain within the black forest mountain range	black forest
what kind of metal does the band angelus apatrida play	angelus apatrida
what is a book in the fiction literary genre ?	fiction
whose album is the story of slade , volume two	the story of slade , volume two
what is a track from the artist verbal kent ?	verbal kent
what was the previous episode of the tv show maui	maui
what is a song from why call it anything album	why call it anything
what horror/suspense thriller was filmed in toronto , canada ?	toronto , canada
which country is red-dirt marijuana and other tastes written about	red-dirt marijuana and other tastes
what art subject is the artwork dancers at the bar	dancers at the bar
what language was the film the seventh veil done in	the seventh veil
what was the format for release of the album woodlands	woodlands
what space agency does terry w. virts work closely with	terry w. virts
what country is the angel wore red filmed in ?	the angel wore red
what country did the film the battles of tim eyman	the battles of tim eyman
what is the genre of the computer videogame mafia wars	mafia wars
what is a subject in the periodical applied physics letters	applied physics letters
what type of film is to die like a man	to die like a man
where are the norfolk & western originally based out of	norfolk & western
what is the lowest grade taught at konawaena high school	konawaena high school
what is the language of the film christmas child ?	christmas child
what is a song from signature sounds , volume 1	signature sounds , volume 1
what is the canonical version of the recording sweden ?	sweden
where did ole olsen last live before he passed away	ole olsen
what type of musical composition is the crane wife 3	the crane wife 3
in which city of new jersey was nick picciuto born	nick picciuto
name a book that contains the subject of espionage .	espionage
name an episode from the tv show the practice .	the practice
what is a city in braxton county , west virginia	braxton county
what 's a production performed at richard rodgers theatre ?	richard rodgers theatre
what is the name of a bus rapid transit line	bus rapid transit
what kind of movie is the wish that changed christmas	the wish that changed christmas
what is a track by the artist joao gilberto ?	joao gilberto
what army was the 63rd virginia infantry a part of	63rd virginia infantry
which release has the song gunga din in it ?	gunga din
what is a song that art of trance has written	art of trance
what sport did the washington senators ( 1891-1899 ) paly	washington senators
which type of book does my robot buddy associate with	my robot buddy
what is the main country where people speak tu language	tu language
avi arad was the executive producer on what film ?	avi arad
charles earland 's jazz organ summit was released as what	charles earland 's jazz organ summit
what is the name of a child of rosalie russell	rosalie russell
what are the names of asteroids in the solar system	solar system
what is an example of a thriller ( genre )	thriller
who is the parent of she-hulk ( lyra ) ?	she-hulk ( lyra )
what is the name of a book about the world	world
what type of school was paul m. dorman high school	paul m. dorman high school
whats a type of injury that could result in death	injury
what is the release type of live music europe 2010	live music europe 2010
what is the topic of the official rules of chess	the official rules of chess
what type of music is adam taubitz known for ?	adam taubitz
according to records , where was hafız ahmed pasha born	hafız ahmed pasha
name a famous hockey player born in medford , massachusetts	medford , massachusetts
what language is spoken in stryker of the yard ?	stryker of the yard
what person is part of the jewish people ? ?	jewish people
what was the cause of oswald kabasta 's death ?	oswald kabasta
what is the track list for zero point field ?	zero point field
what 's one of the songs on the earthquake album	earthquake
whats an example of a specific type of golden retriever	golden retriever
which genre of music does dan hall play in ?	dan hall
what kind of product is amlodipine besylate 10 tablet ?	amlodipine besylate 10 tablet
what is the netflix genre of the film reefer madness	reefer madness
which artist is associated with the sony classical record label	sony classical
what country was the road a year long filmed in	the road a year long
what type of textile weave is used to manufacture denim	denim
what is an airport near denver marriott tech center ?	denver marriott tech center
what did snow angels ( film ) adapt from ?	snow angels
what movie is considered to be an indie film ?	indie film
what is the place of birth of martin e. marty	martin e. marty
what is an iso setting on a nikon d3 ?	nikon d3
what is the genre for the tv program deserving design	deserving design
who was the lyricist of no prayer for the dying	no prayer for the dying
which school district does olathe east high school belong to	olathe east high school
under what genre is the film all the night long	all the night long
what type of release did to see you have ?	to see you
which fairfax county public schools was founded in 1967 ?	fairfax county public schools
which famous actor is the son of mayme edna revere	mayme edna revere
what is the genre in the movie the mcconnell story	the mcconnell story
who did the costume design on the movie van wilder	van wilder
which game version was published by the cvg publisher atari	atari
which south american country is amor a primera vista from	amor a primera vista
what is located in the central european time zone ?	central european time zone
what is the genre of the artist five iron frenzy	five iron frenzy
what country gives anna maria perez de taglé her nationality	anna maria perez de taglé
what is the lowest grade taught at calabasas high school	calabasas high school
what is the child language of the arabic group ?	arabic group
what country was lara-my years with boris pasternak from ?	lara-my years with boris pasternak
what 's one of the songs on waiting to exhale	waiting to exhale
what type of school is james h. boyd intermediate school	james h. boyd intermediate school
what is the name of a series published by fleetway	fleetway
what genre is the film bug ( 2006 film )	bug
who is an artist that would associated themselves with post-grunge	post-grunge
what is an example of an experimental rock album ?	experimental rock
what is the legal status of glycerine 0.043 swab ?	glycerine 0.043 swab
who produced the film sarah palin : you betcha !	sarah palin : you betcha !
what is an example of an american station wagon ?	station wagon
in which state are the tassajara hot springs located ?	tassajara hot springs
what language do the characters in beware of christians speak	beware of christians
what kind of music is exhibited by the album aum	aum
what is a name of a song by artie shaw	artie shaw
who is the artist on the album at his best	at his best
dream a little dream is a track from what ?	dream a little dream
what film uses elstree studios as a film location ?	elstree studios
what state is the city crato a part of ?	crato
what is the sex of the character joe chill ?	joe chill
what type of school is nebraska college of technical agriculture	nebraska college of technical agriculture
from what release can the track tomorrow be found ?	tomorrow
what language is on the film plastic fantastic # 1	plastic fantastic # 1
what is the form of the composition wake up ?	wake up
who was the father of the famous horse cincinnati ?	cincinnati
what is an episode of tv richard vaczy wrote ?	richard vaczy
where is kirkland signature antacid 500 chewable tablet available ?	kirkland signature antacid 500 chewable tablet
what type of film is the journey of natty gann	the journey of natty gann
what is a planetary system of the solar system ?	solar system
what is the region that hits is released in ?	hits
where was steadman s. shealy 's place of birth ?	steadman s. shealy
what genre of film is almost married recorded in ?	almost married
name someone born in the spanish city of murcia .	murcia
what type of business does the the greenbrier companies operate	the greenbrier companies
what is a program in the tv genre comedy ?	comedy
name a game on the super nintendo entertainment system .	super nintendo entertainment system
what was the cause of death of igor vladimirovich talkov	igor vladimirovich talkov
what 's the title of the film christoph schlingensief directed	christoph schlingensief
what is the subject matter in the book fatal reunion	fatal reunion
where does the water from the amazon river come from	amazon river
what kind of music is hazell dean known for ?	hazell dean
what was the release type of the album get scraped	get scraped
what book editions have ever been published by kathy tyers	kathy tyers
which release was in the album get on the bus	get on the bus
what is the color associated with the team real sociedad	real sociedad
what genre of book is the eye and the finger	the eye and the finger
what is a year that the pennsylvania 500 occured ?	pennsylvania 500
what kind of music is on the da sound album	da sound
what is the title of a dance music album ?	dance music
what position does luís cláudio carvalho da silva play ?	luís cláudio carvalho da silva
the album nino was released by what record company ?	nino
what country did the show east of eden come from	east of eden
what is the genre of the film strike one ?	strike one
what was the release type of the album sinister swing	sinister swing
which position did former football player hans klinkhammer play ?	hans klinkhammer
what asteroid group is 8986 kineyayasuyo a part of ?	8986 kineyayasuyo
what is the release type of the album bandages ?	bandages
what genre of music is james bourne know for ?	james bourne
in what language was the eagle 's prophecy originally written	the eagle 's prophecy
what is the name of an album by fats domino	fats domino
who is prince richard , duke of gloucester 's father	prince richard , duke of gloucester
what state college is in farmingdale , new york ?	farmingdale , new york
what is a song from the album green street ?	green street
what is a track from greatest hits top 100 ?	greatest hits top 100
what is the composition style of bel piacere e godere	bel piacere e godere
which country is the shire of plantagenet located in ?	shire of plantagenet
what 's a team that uses bmo harris bradley center	bmo harris bradley center
who is the author of `` personal demons '' ?	personal demons
what is a hong kong genre film in netflix ?	hong kong
whats the nearest travel destination to waimea canyon state park	waimea canyon state park
who was the winner of miss america 1982 competition ?	miss america 1982
whats the name of heber j. grant 's father ?	heber j. grant
name a wine produced hardin cellars in napa county ?	napa county
what category is ( 8107 ) 1995 br4 associated with	( 8107 ) 1995 br4
what is a minor belt planet that orbits the sun	the sun
is holy spirit catholic school a private school or public	holy spirit catholic school
what type of book would a history of pi be	a history of pi
what is the name of a rock music album ?	rock music
what 's a song from the release drinking watermelon sugar	drinking watermelon sugar
what category of food items does black pepper fall within	black pepper
is madden nfl 2003 a multiplayer or single player game	madden nfl 2003
what are the school colors of weiser high school ?	weiser high school
what car based animation was release by walt disney pictures	walt disney pictures
where was isidro b. maiztegui 's place of death ?	isidro b. maiztegui
what genre does college road trip belong to on netflix	college road trip
the sunnyside is an example of what style of architecture	sunnyside
what is the planetary system of the solar system ?	solar system
what 's the recorded version of the song happy days	happy days
what films has jon gary steele done production design on	jon gary steele
what is a rock music album released by roger deltray	rock music
which transport vehicle services the 78 st. andrews line ?	78 st. andrews
what person was born in winter haven , florida ?	winter haven , florida
what is the title of a practical theology book ?	practical theology
what release type did walking with the night have ?	walking with the night
what country is no doubt : rock steady live from	no doubt : rock steady live
what genre is the film were the world mine ?	were the world mine
what kind of release did the ultimate collection have ?	the ultimate collection
what language is used in the house of 72 tenants	the house of 72 tenants
what type of movie is ninja kids ! ! !	ninja kids ! ! !
what is the title of an episode of adventure time	adventure time
what position does ernie cooksey play on the soccer field	ernie cooksey
which language is the film ernest goes to school in	ernest goes to school
what is the name of a norwegian folk metal band	folk metal
what type of book is the moon 's a balloon	the moon 's a balloon
where did dido ( queen of carthage ) die ?	dido
what kind of position does cameron watson play in soccer	cameron watson
which genre of music is created by 3 doors down	3 doors down
in which time zone is italian municipality of ponderano located	ponderano
what language was do n't download this song composed in	do n't download this song
what type of school is walnut hill elementary school ?	walnut hill elementary school
what is the canonical version of i miss you ?	i miss you
who was the director of the tv series episode sleepless	sleepless
what kinds of tv program is autumn in my heart	autumn in my heart
what type of music does the saxophonist greg banaszak perform	greg banaszak
what language is the film the magic 7 in ?	the magic 7
who wrote the song from the end of the world	from the end of the world
what platform can you play streets of rage on ?	streets of rage
what is an folk music album by rosanne cash ?	folk music
name a basketball team located in fairfax , virgina .	fairfax
name an album by the artists the dave brubeck quartet	the dave brubeck quartet
who contributed to the music of ping pong playa ?	ping pong playa
what is the place of birth of thomas lauder ?	thomas lauder
which language is the film wicked as they come in	wicked as they come
which sailor scout graduated from juuban municipal junior high school	juuban municipal junior high school
which chromosome is of hyaluronan-mediated motility receptor ( rhamm )	hyaluronan-mediated motility receptor ( rhamm )
what country is clarithromycin 250 film coated tablet available in	clarithromycin 250 film coated tablet
what country did the film ripped off take place in	ripped off
who is a producer that recorded as time goes by	as time goes by
what is a film william randolph hearst executive producer ?	william randolph hearst
who is the artist of the ultimate collection album ?	ultimate collection
which country is discussed in my son , the hero	my son , the hero
what type of game is virtual hiryū no ken ?	virtual hiryū no ken
webb middle school is what kind of educational institution ?	webb middle school
what language is spoken in the film kansas raiders ?	kansas raiders
which english band that has a the best of album	the best of
what country is the adventures of buratino filmed in ?	the adventures of buratino
what artist created the album the world of johnny horton	the world of johnny horton
where was who can kill a child ? filmed ?	who can kill a child ?
what is a nintendo ds game published by nintendo ?	nintendo
what is the gender of the fictional character queer duck	queer duck
how was helena ( twentieth century classics ) bound ?	helena ( twentieth century classics )
what 's a lesser known film that peter jackson produced	peter jackson
what country was yes is the answer released in ?	yes is the answer
who is a known person that has died from suicide	suicide
what kind of film is piranha ii : the spawning	piranha ii : the spawning
what is a track of the 4 way street album	4 way street
who was in charge of costume design for capote ?	capote
who is an associated artist in the contemporary art movement	contemporary art
who is the developer of the computer videogame binary land	binary land
what track list is if i had a shovel on	if i had a shovel
what is a book that was published by dutton adult	dutton adult
what is a book edition of a farewell to arms	a farewell to arms
what type of place of worship is wat rakhangkhositaram ?	wat rakhangkhositaram
what films have paul webster produced in his career ?	paul webster
what is a prevention factor of atypical mycobacterium infections ?	atypical mycobacterium infections
what is the canonical version of the recording blues ?	blues
what is a project developed by massachusetts institute of technology	massachusetts institute of technology
what is the legal status of dimethicone 756 cloth ?	dimethicone 756 cloth
what is the genre of the school of flesh ?	the school of flesh
which american film producer is from santa monica , california	santa monica , california
who was the artist that created the song old man	old man
where does the 6th regiment south carolina cavalry come from	6th regiment south carolina cavalry
what is the original version of the song believe called	believe
which economics-oriented public university is located in central europe ?	public university
where in new york did richard kiley died in ?	richard kiley
what is the subject of the escape of oney judge	the escape of oney judge
the release track opium is from what body of work	opium
whats the genre for the film sketch film # 1	sketch film # 1
where is the bank of england building , liverpool ?	bank of england building , liverpool
the release track o holy night is from what release	o holy night
what language was the drama kathleen mavourneen filmed in ?	kathleen mavourneen
what 's a movie categorized under sports stories on netflix	sports stories
which country was hugh mckee in when they died ?	hugh mckee
what is a album that represents traditional pop music ?	traditional pop music
who wrote the story for the movie money for speed	money for speed
what genre of music does johnny guitar watson make ?	johnny guitar watson
who is the executive producer of rv ( film )	rv
what genre is the album run into the light ?	run into the light
what is the genre of the film spider forest ?	spider forest
who did the costume design for the film indecent proposal	indecent proposal
what is one of the albums marion brown recorded ?	marion brown
what is the focus of the blog paradigm dancing ?	paradigm dancing
what person has the job as a film director ?	film director
what is an album of the genre pop rock ?	pop rock
who was killed by the kkk with a firearm ?	firearm
what type of release is two for the show ?	two for the show
what is an rock opera album made by peter hammill	rock opera
who developed the game castlevania : legacy of darkness ?	castlevania : legacy of darkness
what part of italy was giovanni cheli born in ?	giovanni cheli
what genre of music is off the album smiley smile	smiley smile
what is the genre of the book new mexico sunrise	new mexico sunrise
what is an album by tony bennett released on 2011	album
which tracks were found in the recording remember me ?	remember me
what is the content of the artist the manhattan transfer	the manhattan transfer
what language is the composition sorrow 's child in ?	sorrow 's child
what position does baseball player fred tauby play at ?	fred tauby
what is rolando ( portuguese footballer ) 's nationality ?	rolando
which region in europe is real gone released in ?	real gone
what is the genre of music dead guitars makes ?	dead guitars
which position in baseball does chone figgins play in ?	chone figgins
what does patrick s. moore do for his career ?	patrick s. moore
what asteroid group is 8087 kazutaka a member of ?	8087 kazutaka
which language is the tv show the lost room in	the lost room
mexican soccer player juan carlos medina is what gender ?	juan carlos medina
what is the name of an agency located in scotland	scotland
what is the title of a extreme metal album ?	extreme metal
what is the time zone location of giba , sardinia	giba , sardinia
what is the automotive class of the model seat málaga	seat málaga
what type of asteroid group is 1962 dunant located in	1962 dunant
who was the artist for marche slave , op. 31	marche slave , op. 31
what genre is the movie hitch ( film ) ?	hitch
what artist recorded jump ( extended album version ) ?	jump ( extended album version )
what is a concert tour that bob marley did ?	bob marley
what is a track done by the artist loïs lane	loïs lane
what language is the composition go right ahead in ?	go right ahead
who was the producer from the recording after the dolphin	after the dolphin
what 's the name of the groove coverage compilation album	compilation album
is the charecter fergal maguire a male or a female	fergal maguire
whats the genre of music that banco de gaia makes	banco de gaia
what is the name of a power forward basketball player	power forward
what is the 1976 edition of death of a salesman	death of a salesman
what type of music is watch out ! classified as	watch out !
which hip hop producer helped record walk on by ?	walk on by
name a language that falls under the germanic languages family	germanic languages
who was the king of lydia and croesus 's father	croesus
where is the neighborhood of college hill located in ?	college hill
what country did the battle of lechfeld take place in	battle of lechfeld
what game was published by konami , the cvg publisher	konami
where was princess theodora of greece and denmark born ?	princess theodora of greece and denmark
what is the architectural style of the crossett municipal auditorium	crossett municipal auditorium
what type of film is from dusk till dawn ?	from dusk till dawn
who directed the motion picture concert for new york city	concert for new york city
who is the composer of me love peace ! !	me love peace ! !
which fantasy novel was written by chelsea quinn yarbro ?	chelsea quinn yarbro
what kind of film is salute to the marines ?	salute to the marines
what 's a movie in the photography genre on netflix	photography
which language is used in mindelo - atras de horizonte	mindelo - atras de horizonte
what type of art is displayed at cass motor sales	cass motor sales
what type of music is on battle royale original soundtrack	battle royale original soundtrack
what 's one of the neighborhoods that 's in raleigh	raleigh
is twenty 1 a live album or a studio album	twenty 1
which star system is 10004 igormakarov a part of ?	10004 igormakarov
what type of film is `` mockingbird lane '' ?	mockingbird lane
which country is famotidine 20 film coated tablet available in	famotidine 20 film coated tablet
what is a book that was published by mira books	mira books
what category does the celestial object 10188 yasuoyoneda belong to	10188 yasuoyoneda
which recordings is a remix of the song bad ?	bad
what religion is practiced at the gate of mercy synagogue	gate of mercy synagogue
what is within the maritime group of forces ' jurisdiction	maritime group of forces
what is the subject of the book restoring the goddess	restoring the goddess
what was the release for the release track cars ?	cars
what is the genre of the album dance or die	dance or die
an example of a indie film would be what ?	indie film
an example of a telecommunications company would be what ?	telecommunications
which episode is found in the tv program fossil detectives	fossil detectives
what is the netflix genre of the unknown woman ?	the unknown woman
which celestial object does ( 23512 ) 1992 pc3 orbit	( 23512 ) 1992 pc3
where was telecel - comunicações pessoais , s.a. founded ?	telecel - comunicações pessoais , s.a.
what language do the characters speak in the intelligence men	the intelligence men
what concept is the butterfly effect 2 written about ?	the butterfly effect 2
what is one of the school colors of lanzhou university	lanzhou university
where was the release door 't lint ! 5 debuted	door 't lint ! 5
what type of album is convergence , a narada sampler	convergence , a narada sampler
what 's a town that uses central european time zone	central european time zone
what would darnell valentine mark on a united states census	darnell valentine
what kind of engine does the sopwith camel use ?	sopwith camel
another day is a recording from what musical composition ?	another day
what country does torsten knippertz get his nationality from ?	torsten knippertz
who was the creator of the fictional character named shimmerpelt	shimmerpelt
what is a track on the album the big machine	the big machine
who is a representative artist of the rococo evolution ?	rococo
what songs are in the world of the goons ?	the world of the goons
what kind of film is inside the mafia under ?	inside the mafia
what city is the birth place of kemal bokhary ?	kemal bokhary
which film from india deals with a money-making scheme ?	india
what music is in the film of rice and hen	of rice and hen
which language was the film the last visit made in	the last visit
what subject is the book wishes , lies and dreams	wishes , lies and dreams
what is the coloring of basset fauve de bretagne ?	basset fauve de bretagne
what is the rating given to the film volcano ?	volcano
what is the name of an electronic music artist ?	electronic music
what kind of binding is love lies bleeding available in	love lies bleeding
what entity was involved in the battle of arnhem ?	battle of arnhem
where in africa does the molopo river pass through ?	molopo river
what is vanessa del rio 's country of origin ?	vanessa del rio
which chinese state was involved in the battle of guiling	battle of guiling
drama is the genre that best describes this film .	drama
what subject would three days that shook edinburgh fall into	three days that shook edinburgh
what group of ethnic people does cara seymour belong to	cara seymour
who is a victoria cross recipient in world war i	world war i
where was let 's make better mistakes tomorrow released ?	let 's make better mistakes tomorrow
what kind of music is the album acoustic kitty ?	acoustic kitty
name a place located within gunnison county , colorado .	gunnison county
what is the color of advicor 750/20 extended release tablet	advicor 750/20 extended release tablet
what is the best description of clara sofie 's music	clara sofie
what kind of format was fresh raspberries released as ?	fresh raspberries
who was born in the city of san francisco ?	san francisco
what are the names of characters created by steven grant	steven grant
name a mezzo-soprano singer born in the united states ?	united states
who wrote the title 2 b r 0 2 b	2 b r 0 2 b
what person has the profession of a film producer ?	film producer
who is the composer of the work helmut k. ?	helmut k.
who edited la danse : the paris opera ballet ?	la danse : the paris opera ballet
what is the name of ron w. miller 's kid	ron w. miller
whats the name of a track from the recording indiana	indiana
what was a popular track from the garden state album	garden state
what is the name of an album by bally sagoo	bally sagoo
what is the name of a city in carlton county	carlton county
which language is used in the black sheep of whitehall	the black sheep of whitehall
whats the name of an album based off a play	album
whats bo duke 's gender , male or female ?	bo duke
what is the roman catholic diocese of achonry 's jurisdiction	roman catholic diocese of achonry
what is a film that was produced by adam curtis	adam curtis
what film genre is three crowns of the sailor ?	three crowns of the sailor
what type of rugby team is albert hybart in ?	albert hybart
who is the author that wrote the theory of probability	theory of probability
which genre of film is end of the world considered	end of the world
what type of film is the battle of shaker heights	the battle of shaker heights
which time zone is castel san pietro romano located in	castel san pietro romano
who is someone that walter scott had an influence on	walter scott
what is the best way to describe summer of love	summer of love
what kind of netflix film is my bloody valentine ?	my bloody valentine
who is a person that was involved in sino-indian war	sino-indian war
what competition is the 1997 tour de france part of	1997 tour de france
donny baldwin is best known for what kind of music	donny baldwin
what is an example of a heavy metal album ?	heavy metal
what is the genre of sleeping car to trieste ?	sleeping car to trieste
what is a track from the release follow your heart	follow your heart
what is an organization that was founded by sarah radclyffe	sarah radclyffe
what is gherman pântea most known for in politics ?	gherman pântea
what kind of music is on feels so good ?	feels so good
what genre is straight no chaser - a jazz show	straight no chaser - a jazz show
who directed the film i saw what you did ?	i saw what you did
which position in football does michael galea play as ?	michael galea
what is a public school ( government funded ) ?	public school
in what language was the piece do i wait composed	do i wait
what is the architectural style of old indianapolis city hall	old indianapolis city hall
who was the producer of the song in your room	in your room
what is a track off the east to west album	east to west
what language is spoken in the film appointment with happiness	appointment with happiness
where did the film my father the genius originate ?	my father the genius
who designed the costumes for american gangster ( film )	american gangster
what format was the essential bruce springsteen released in ?	the essential bruce springsteen
what kind of album is live at the jazz bakery	live at the jazz bakery
which state park is located in mendocino county , california	mendocino county
what is a track done by the artist barney bigard	barney bigard
what 's the title of an album released in 2001	album
what are the names of members of the asteroid belt	asteroid belt
in what college can you find pi lambda phi ?	pi lambda phi
who was the sound engineer of the recording the centipede	the centipede
what school is in the kern high school district ?	kern high school district
what piece of artwork in afganistan was made with straw	straw
which language is in the shadow of the wind in	in the shadow of the wind
who is the artist off the album set it off	set it off
what kind of music is on the album untitled ?	untitled
which language is the song some boys ! touch in	some boys ! touch
what are some examples of villages in united kingdom ?	united kingdom
which tv episode is in baggage battles - season 1	baggage battles - season 1
what country released a movie called four 's a crowd	four 's a crowd
what type of film is date with an angel ?	date with an angel
which country is novant health prince william medical center in	novant health prince william medical center
what is the name of a famous thai politician ?	politician
what 's a roller coaster at the liseberg amusement park	roller coaster
what is the color of st. john vianney high school	st. john vianney high school
what is the place of death of mendel kaplan ?	mendel kaplan
what is the formulation of lidocaine hydrochloride 15 injection ?	lidocaine hydrochloride 15 injection
what is an album released by the artist herbie hancock	herbie hancock
what kind of composition is the bottle let me down	the bottle let me down
what government body is the shura council a part of	shura council
what is the genre that best describes zmaj od noćaja	zmaj od noćaja
what type of music is on pop princesses 3 ?	pop princesses 3
what is northern ireland national football team 's stadium ?	northern ireland national football team
what is the track of the artist spank rock ?	spank rock
who wrote the lyrics for you 'll never walk alone	you 'll never walk alone
who is the author of the dead of the night	the dead of the night
which military personnel was involved in world war i ?	world war i
what is the name of a parent of jinggoy estrada	jinggoy estrada
what format was it 's better to travel released in	it 's better to travel
what is a studio album made by the band donots	studio album
what area of activism is lillie m. jackson involved in	lillie m. jackson
what genre of music does tout alizée belong to ?	tout alizée
what type of binding is found on fahrenheit 451 ?	fahrenheit 451
which country did my name is rocco papaleo come from	my name is rocco papaleo
what 's a team that plays in the pacific-12 conference	pacific-12 conference
what is a drug formulation available in liquid form ?	liquid
what is the significance level of mission santa ines ?	mission santa ines
what is the strange case of mr pelham book about	the strange case of mr pelham
what drug category does mulberry 40000 injectable solution belong to	mulberry 40000 injectable solution
what is a track on the max ernst album ?	max ernst
who is the american composer of the dead silence film	dead silence
what artist is featured on the album best of ...	best of ...
what was a film that was directed by michael curtiz	michael curtiz
who is a known person that was born in melbourne	melbourne
what school color is used in cypress lake high school	cypress lake high school
what genre does the television program hawaii five-o belong to	hawaii five-o
who is the owner of the radio station ckch-fm ?	ckch-fm
whats the name of a city in the united states	united states
what 's a notable town in kauai county , hawaii	kauai county
what is the automotive class of the model bmw z3	bmw z3
what religion does politician john e. courson ascribe to ?	john e. courson
what is the name of a school in pearl city	pearl city
what is the tile of jane birkin 's live album	jane birkin
what is an album by puerto rican singer chayanne ?	chayanne
what is the temperament of the dog bread maremma sheepdog	maremma sheepdog
what is the marketed formulation for the drug granisetron ?	granisetron
what are the school colors for jenkins high school ?	jenkins high school
what language is a town like alice filmed in ?	a town like alice
what is a color of adarsh english boarding school ?	adarsh english boarding school
what is the physical format of the release anthology 2	anthology 2
what sport events happened at the 1928 winter olympics ?	1928 winter olympics
what language was used to compose a world without love	a world without love
what film was ingmar bergman a story contributor to ?	ingmar bergman
who is a notable person that was born in boston	boston
what unit size is the military unit grenadier guards ?	grenadier guards
what is the principal subject of postcards from the ledge	postcards from the ledge
name an american artist who pioneered rock and roll ?	rock and roll
what netflix genre does reik : sesion metropolitana belong to	reik : sesion metropolitana
who was the developer of the game crusade in europe	crusade in europe
what is the musical style of the album pnau ?	pnau
what is the nationality of the famous person george gutteres	george gutteres
which town is located in the central european time zone	central european time zone
what kinds of music is the bird and the bee	the bird and the bee
what is the name of a child of molly bedingfield	molly bedingfield
what is the sequel to half-life ( video game )	half-life
what genre of music is on the electronic eden album	electronic eden
what time zone is amealco de bonfil located in ?	amealco de bonfil
name a song from the muqaddar ka faisla film soundtrack	muqaddar ka faisla
in what group can the island group antilles be found	antilles
what is the topic of the written piece scar tissue	scar tissue
what type of architectural style does shingle style architecture use	shingle style architecture
what type of book binding is empire of the sun	empire of the sun
what type of institution is clara barton high school ?	clara barton high school
what type of school is cardinal spellman high school ?	cardinal spellman high school
how was bbc radio 1 : live in concert released	bbc radio 1 : live in concert
what film genre is star wars gangsta rap video ?	star wars gangsta rap video
what kind of show is animal cops : miami ?	animal cops : miami
who did the film art direction for i love melvin	i love melvin
who is associated with the social realism art period movement	social realism
which 1978 albums were released by warner bros. records ?	warner bros. records
what is the artist from the album songs of scotland	songs of scotland
which city in canada did ian tyson orginated from ?	ian tyson
what was the release type for 6 days to nowhere	6 days to nowhere
under what genre does the artist tom langford perform in	tom langford
which song is part of piano suite : over it	piano suite : over it
which tracks were a part of the album genetics ?	genetics
what is a game that can be played on dos	dos
name an asteroid you would find in a asteroid belt	asteroid belt
which country was the origin of the film bitter snow	bitter snow
what 's a frat that operates at university of rochester	university of rochester
what genre is the film `` love bites '' ?	love bites
in what lab is the isis neutron source located ?	isis neutron source
who participated in the album the best of celine dion	the best of celine dion
which country did the program fireball xl5 originate in ?	fireball xl5
what 's a conflict that took place in washington county	washington county
who is the lyricist of the song shackled and drawn	shackled and drawn
what is a track on wildcard ( pennywise ep )	wildcard
what type of composition is il voyage en solitaire ?	il voyage en solitaire
what film genre is the order of myths under netflix	the order of myths
which drama featured bruce lee as the leading actor ?	drama
what company produces penn & teller 's smoke and mirrors	penn & teller 's smoke and mirrors
what recurring year did world artistic gymnastics championships take place	world artistic gymnastics championships
what is the occupation of fictional character dick grayson ?	dick grayson
what is a book in the science fiction genre ?	science fiction
what is the name of a track by sarah jory	sarah jory
great salkeld is a part of what sovereign state ?	great salkeld
what genre of book is la flor del oeste ?	la flor del oeste
which album has the artist boyd rice in it ?	boyd rice
what is the subject of the book sands of silence	sands of silence
which program is apart of the romance film genre ?	romance film
who is the author editor of the work lirael ?	lirael
who is a notable person that was born in asuncion	asuncion
which country did the film little erin merryweather come from	little erin merryweather
whats the name of a track off made in england	made in england
what type of music is the album let it rock	let it rock
what is the name of a track by starsplash ?	starsplash
what is the name of a city located in canada	canada
who performed the feature song in children of the revolution	children of the revolution
what type of release is the room 's too cold	the room 's too cold
what kind of organization is southern poverty law center ?	southern poverty law center
who is the author of the book george washington ?	george washington
what kind of a doll is ethereal princess barbie doll	ethereal princess barbie doll
what kind of release did the early years get ?	the early years
what type of martial art does hercules kyvelos do ?	hercules kyvelos
what is the shape of a atenolol 25 tablet ?	atenolol 25 tablet
die in your arms is the single from which album	die in your arms
laura neri is a citizen of what european country ?	laura neri
what military unit was 19th louisiana infantry regiment part of	19th louisiana infantry regiment
what 's an example of a work from sean paul	sean paul
what is a work written by author agatha christie ?	agatha christie
what genre is the game shaman king : soul fight	shaman king : soul fight
who was a singer that was born in kingston springs	kingston springs
which school district does odessa high school belong to ?	odessa high school
which ethnic group was involved in the esopus wars ?	esopus wars
what is the release type of rca country legends ?	rca country legends
what type of institution is delaware museum of natural history	delaware museum of natural history
name a drug that contains niacin in its formula .	drug
what is the label that mccoy tyner is under ?	mccoy tyner
which artist is signed under the 19 entertainment record label	19 entertainment
whats the name of one of little richard 's albums	little richard
what is a language of the film millennium crisis ?	millennium crisis
what is an album that was released by figurines ?	album
what is the ethnicity of jerry hairston , jr. ?	jerry hairston , jr.
what is a sport included in the 1900 summer olympics	1900 summer olympics
what is the genre of videogame that runescape is considered	runescape
who is the recording label for the artist atrocity ?	atrocity
who is listed as the producer of little baby swastikkka	little baby swastikkka
what kind of album is something the lord made ?	something the lord made
is legendy russkogo roka a soundtrack or a compilation album	legendy russkogo roka
what type of transportation is the oc transpo route 116	oc transpo route 116
which occupation is james garfield known for in his book	james garfield
what is the canonical version of the recording brazil ?	brazil
what language was used in the movie for the flag	for the flag
is highlights from the plugged nickel jazz or pop rock	highlights from the plugged nickel
what is the name of a speculative fiction book ?	speculative fiction
name a notable person who passed away from cancer .	cancer
who 's a actress that died due to an accident	accident
what is the name of a track by donald harrison	donald harrison
what is a school color for the universiti malaysia terengganu	universiti malaysia terengganu
what type of sensor does the nikon d3 have ?	nikon d3
which religion is theresa of portugal , countess of flanders	theresa of portugal , countess of flanders
what language is spoken in prince vladimir ( film )	prince vladimir
what is a fiction novel written by a filipino author	fiction
what is the name of buddy holly 's album ?	album
which state does the union park community belong to ?	union park
what type of program is what 's with andy ?	what 's with andy ?
what kind of music is on the album tarántula ?	tarántula
what country is the mind of the married man from	the mind of the married man
what city die mark m. fagan pass away in ?	mark m. fagan
what state is sunset crater volcano national monument located in	sunset crater volcano national monument
who wrote for the film prince vladimir ( film )	prince vladimir
who designed the film for the world according to garp	the world according to garp
what is a track from commited to the core ?	commited to the core
what genre of book is tales of the dying earth	tales of the dying earth
what was the release type of the album olympia 2000	olympia 2000
what is the track list of the release xii ?	xii
what 's a song featured on the very best of	the very best of
which music was used in mr. belvedere goes to college	mr. belvedere goes to college
what song did mike mills write the lyrics for ?	mike mills
what movie is a 2003 american animated adventure film ?	adventure film
which profession in sports was keydren clark known for ?	keydren clark
sharing the joy of nature is based on what subject	sharing the joy of nature
what is the genre that joyce bryant falls into ?	joyce bryant
what is a track off the all in hand album	all in hand
what language family is bajan language a part of ?	bajan language
which film did guy lalande do the film production for	guy lalande
which war did darius n. couch play a role in	darius n. couch
who is a female artist signed to bna records ?	bna records
who was the engineer from the recording rain must fall	rain must fall
which speculative fiction novel is commonly taught in schools ?	speculative fiction
what is the language spoken in water for elephants ?	water for elephants
which family is franklin delano roosevelt iii a part of	franklin delano roosevelt iii
what is the genre of the album ai n't complaining	ai n't complaining
what is the name of the mouth of river lea	river lea
the tv program la piovra falls into which genre ?	la piovra
who is an artist from the original album classics album	original album classics
what rock music was released in the 1990 's ?	rock music
what medium was 100 greatest tv themes released in ?	100 greatest tv themes
what title track came from the recording coast to coast	coast to coast
who published b-17 flying fortress : the mighty 8th ?	b-17 flying fortress : the mighty 8th
what is a color of pope john xxiii high school	pope john xxiii high school
what famous structure was developed by the architect robert dunsmuir	robert dunsmuir
who was involved in the battle of the hornburg ?	battle of the hornburg
what book genre does black & blue belong to ?	black & blue
who directed the film to live and die in mongkok	to live and die in mongkok
what language was love - zero = infinity in ?	love - zero = infinity
what is the writing system that north mesopotamian arabic uses	north mesopotamian arabic
what is the native language in the show the pulse	the pulse
what 's a city within georgia ( u.s. state )	georgia
what is the name of a football tv episode ?	football
what is the name of a reality television show ?	reality television
what type of format was kelis was here released in	kelis was here
what 's a track from the lady is a tramp	the lady is a tramp
what kind of film is the long walk to freedom	the long walk to freedom
what is the official color for grayson county college ?	grayson county college
what character is featured in superman : red son ?	superman : red son
which format contains mastermix classic cuts 90 : electric 80s	mastermix classic cuts 90 : electric 80s
what is the place of birth of edward allington ?	edward allington
what genre is the book a question of time ?	a question of time
what type of binding does the book dead enders have	dead enders
name an opera that falls under the opera seria genre	opera seria
what record label released oddities , abnormalities and curiosities ?	oddities , abnormalities and curiosities
which 2005 fantasy film was produced by wolfgang herold ?	wolfgang herold
what city did battle of mello take place at ?	battle of mello
what book is the book of daniel a part of	book of daniel
where in virginia did junius edgar west buy the farm	junius edgar west
which school district is sequoia middle school located in ?	sequoia middle school
what is the album content type of then came bronson	then came bronson
what was the release type of live at carnegie hall	live at carnegie hall
what is a target of revolutionary people 's liberation party–front	revolutionary people 's liberation party–front
who is the father of the biblical figure miriam ?	miriam
what mountain range is kabru north a part of ?	kabru north
what 's one of the songs on hello mary lou	hello mary lou
who was the lyricist that worked in the composition moonshot	moonshot
which book is about the subject of the united states	united states
what is a fragrance made by christian dior s.a. ?	christian dior s.a.
who is a character in hornblower and the widow mccool	hornblower and the widow mccool
what is the subject of the book marihuana en interior	marihuana en interior
who is the music director of the silas marner film	silas marner
which physical format was hostel , part ii released in	hostel , part ii
who was the writer of the film shakes the clown	shakes the clown
what kind of release is the essential pete seeger ?	the essential pete seeger
what is the country of origin of deka kurokawa suzuki	deka kurokawa suzuki
what is the film of that richard donner produced ?	richard donner
what is matt taylor ( american soccer ) 's gender	matt taylor
which release was tell me why a recording off of	tell me why
the album wicked twisted road is what type of genre	wicked twisted road
who wrote the work a lie of the mind ?	a lie of the mind
what is an example of a single-sex education school ?	single-sex education
which season on dwts did brooke burke participate in ?	brooke burke
what is a tourist attraction located in canton , ohio	canton , ohio
what type of book is by fire , by moonlight	by fire , by moonlight
what kind of school is delhi public school , srinagar	delhi public school , srinagar
where in italy was simonetta stefanelli 's birth place ?	simonetta stefanelli
what country was james ellroy : american dog shot in	james ellroy : american dog
what is john noble barlow 's country of origin ?	john noble barlow
whats a track form the release titled the hope division	the hope division
what flavor is low dose chewable aspirin 81 chewable tablet	low dose chewable aspirin 81 chewable tablet
what airline has its main base at hannover airport ?	hannover airport
what is the name of a released from columbia records	columbia records
what original language was the shadow over innsmouth written in	the shadow over innsmouth
on which release can the track amsterdam be found ?	amsterdam
what is the language for the tv program fossil detectives	fossil detectives
what is a star found in the coma berenices constellation	coma berenices
what is the track list of woman to woman ?	woman to woman
who did the production design for akira ( film )	akira
which fiction series is tigers at twilight a part of	tigers at twilight
what event was a part of sri lankan civil war	sri lankan civil war
what company published mickey mouse : the computer game ?	mickey mouse : the computer game
who is the writer for a child with no name	a child with no name
which country is the film children of the dark from	children of the dark
what song is introducing the sounds of the husbands from	introducing the sounds of the husbands
what automotive class does the ferrari 612 scaglietti fall under	ferrari 612 scaglietti
what is the higher classification of the wild cat ?	wild cat
whats the title of a thriller ( genre ) movie	thriller
where is the artist the one am radio originally from	the one am radio
who wrote the secret garden ( tor classics ) ?	the secret garden ( tor classics )
paolo cardozo was born in which large uruguay city ?	paolo cardozo
what is the name of a lemon flavored drug ?	lemon
what country does margit sandemo get her nationality from ?	margit sandemo
who is a parent of chris cooper ( actor )	chris cooper
what movie did dick pope serve as the cinematographer for	dick pope
what is one of ihre großen erfolge 's albums ?	ihre großen erfolge
what type of show is georgia 's got talent !	georgia 's got talent !
what language is used in the television program super friends	super friends
what type of book is problem of the perfect alibi	problem of the perfect alibi
what kind of game is sphinx and the cursed mummy	sphinx and the cursed mummy
what is the genre of the album opti buk ?	opti buk
which language do ghanaians in the united kingdom speak ?	ghanaians in the united kingdom
what is the canonical version of the recording chloe ?	chloe
whats the name of the software that adobe systems developed	adobe systems
what types of music is stay on my side tonight	stay on my side tonight
what time zone doe cicognolo 's location place it in	cicognolo
what is a track from meet me on the battlefield	meet me on the battlefield
what was the genre of the film kids in america	kids in america
what is a gay & lesbian comedies found on netflix	gay & lesbian comedies
which american country and pop singer was born in mannford	mannford
what television drama is the program 7 days in life	7 days in life
who is a notable person that was born in england	england
what is the title of a reality television program ?	reality television
what is the genre associated with the film home turf	home turf
oral cancer is associated with what type of behavior ?	oral cancer
what is the occupation of the fictional character modok ?	modok
what body of water does the richmond–san rafael bridge span	richmond–san rafael bridge
what planet was discovered at the siding spring observatory ?	siding spring observatory
where is the art institutes international - kansas city located	the art institutes international - kansas city
which orbit has relationship with ( 18528 ) 1996 vx30	( 18528 ) 1996 vx30
which tracks were produced by asleep at the wheel ?	asleep at the wheel
what are the names of nearby airports in wau ?	wau
what is the cause of death of linus pauling ?	linus pauling
what country was the making of bobby burnit filmed in	the making of bobby burnit
who is a character from the book oliver twist ?	oliver twist
which tracks are found in the album mezcal head ?	mezcal head
who was a pitcher for the chicago white sox ?	pitcher
what kind of video game is missionforce : cyberstorm ?	missionforce : cyberstorm
what is a version of the song pablo picasso ?	pablo picasso
what is the name of a thrash metal album ?	thrash metal
what genre of film is weather diary # 3 ?	weather diary # 3
what type of genre is all creatures great and small	all creatures great and small
what was the subject of the book letters to dean	letters to dean
what martial art form is roger gracie known for ?	roger gracie
who is a notable person that was born in smyrna	smyrna
what is the subject of the book trial by fire	trial by fire
what is a book that talks about the petroleum industry	petroleum industry
what kind of album is the abbey road decade 1963-1973	the abbey road decade 1963-1973
what type of heart deficiency did arthur forwood die from	arthur forwood
what kind of book is murder at the foul line	murder at the foul line
what film did cky ( band ) contribute to ?	cky
what is the cause of death of fontella bass ?	fontella bass
what 's a game konami released in the mid 90s	konami
what is the name of a track by chris smither	chris smither
who is a male character from csi : miami ?	male
who was a student of the martial artist chuck norris	chuck norris
the water is wide was record by which artist ?	the water is wide
what is the region j. harold grady identifies with ?	j. harold grady
which country is cristo rey jesuit high school belong to	cristo rey jesuit high school
how did norton knatchbull , 6th baron brabourne die ?	norton knatchbull , 6th baron brabourne
what kind of music release was every given moment released	every given moment
who is interred at kumsusan palace of the sun ?	kumsusan palace of the sun
which twin-island in the caribbean is saint philip parish located	saint philip parish
what is the name of a track of ammunition ?	ammunition
what country was the film baby clothes produced in ?	baby clothes
what is an example of an alternative rock album ?	alternative rock
what 's the designated minority of qingyuan manchu autonomous county	qingyuan manchu autonomous county
which area of activism does jeremiah evarts participate in ?	jeremiah evarts
what movement was the artist félix vallotton a part of	félix vallotton
what is the name of a song by christina aguilera	christina aguilera
what is a work written by alfred percy sinnett ?	alfred percy sinnett
what was the format of the release ultimate feelgood anthems	ultimate feelgood anthems
who is the actor that died from lung cancer ?	lung cancer
what is the parent concept of chirality ( mathematics )	chirality
where did south atlantic invasive species project take place ?	south atlantic invasive species project
who is an adoptive parent of the character rogue ?	rogue
where did martin harris ( latter day saints ) die	martin harris
what is the model for the 2013 chevrolet corvette ?	chevrolet corvette
who helped write lyrics for the bagman 's gambit ?	the bagman 's gambit
what is the school type of robert mcqueen high school	robert mcqueen high school
what u.s. state is the location where brunswick villa is	brunswick villa
in what form was the composition distant lover released as	distant lover
what kind of film is the falcon in san francisco	the falcon in san francisco
who is the producer for the recording go it alone	go it alone
what is a star within taurus ( constellation ) ?	taurus
what type of work is brigands of the moon ?	brigands of the moon
what is the name of a place in north america	north america
what is an active moiety found in trichophyton rubrum ?	trichophyton rubrum
who edited the book edition back in the world ?	back in the world
what is the name of a song by gibson brothers	gibson brothers
in what group is sodium monofluorophosphate 7.6 dentifrice paste clasiffied	sodium monofluorophosphate 7.6 dentifrice paste
which netflix genre is rupaul 's drag race found under	rupaul 's drag race
which congressional caucus is joseph crowley a member of ?	joseph crowley
name a town located in tulsa county , oklahoma .	tulsa county
what kind of music is played by the reigning monarchs	the reigning monarchs
is world gone crazy a soundtrack or a studio album	world gone crazy
which country is mueller college of holistic studies located in	mueller college of holistic studies
what is jesse white ( australian footballer ) known for	jesse white
which president was involved in the 1908 republican national convention	1908 republican national convention
where genre of music is colbie caillat known for ?	colbie caillat
who directed the movie jeepers creepers ( 2001 film )	jeepers creepers
which main-belt minor planet was discovered by seiji ueda ?	seiji ueda
what genre is a cavern of black ice classified as	a cavern of black ice
who is a musical art signed to tvt records ?	tvt records
what country did the show poolside chats originate in ?	poolside chats
what is the administrative parent of shire of irwin ?	shire of irwin
name a city located in north american central time zone	central time zone
what is a title of a lgbt netflix film ?	lgbt
what star system is 15395 rükl a part of ?	15395 rükl
what was the album content type of fast life ?	fast life
what track is renegade soundscapes , volume 2 from ?	renegade soundscapes , volume 2
who is the artist that created the album the kingdom	the kingdom
who was the producer for the film little red flowers	little red flowers
what period was portrait of mlle yvonne landsberg created within	portrait of mlle yvonne landsberg
where was the film `` think brilliance '' filmed ?	think brilliance
what is the name of a film by kinji fukasaku	kinji fukasaku
what netflix genre is valley of wanted men apart of	valley of wanted men
what is edward e. smith 's place of birth ?	edward e. smith
is the gender of gérard cooreman male or female ?	gérard cooreman
who is the artist that created braid the raven hair	braid the raven hair
who was the composer of turn down the world tonight	turn down the world tonight
what is a type of rhythm and blues album ?	rhythm and blues
what language is beyond the call of duty filmed in	beyond the call of duty
which entity was involved with battle of tian shan ?	battle of tian shan
which company promotes academy of motion picture arts and sciences	academy of motion picture arts and sciences
what 's one of the tracks on the túnel release	túnel
what type of game is colosseum : road to freedom	colosseum : road to freedom
name a military personnel involved in world war ii .	world war ii
what types of music is hard times and nursery rhymes	hard times and nursery rhymes
what is the name of someone who is a midfielder	midfielder
where country is ruins of st. paul 's located in	ruins of st. paul 's
what was the subject of the book titled john brown	john brown
in what conference were the marquette golden eagles mens basketball	marquette golden eagles mens basketball
what is a book written by the author steven millhauser	steven millhauser
what type of film is massacre in the black forest	massacre in the black forest
in which asian country is tv patrol northwestern mindanao played	tv patrol northwestern mindanao
woman with pears is done with what kind of media	woman with pears
what is the type of school of whatcom community college	whatcom community college
what platform is the game state of emergency played on	state of emergency
what is the name of a sketch comedy on hbo	sketch comedy
name the artist of the album lord of the past	lord of the past
what city and state is delaware park–front park system in	delaware park–front park system
which military force is 42nd ohio infantry a part of	42nd ohio infantry
what 's a team that participates in the uci protour	uci protour
what is the coloring of the breed shetland sheepdog ?	shetland sheepdog
what type of gameplay is available in nba jam 99	nba jam 99
what kind of diet is a scallop compatible with ?	scallop
what is the name of a first baseman in baseball	first baseman
what is the transit line for the stop haymarket ?	haymarket
which film did henry mueller work on as a cinematographer	henry mueller
what is the name of a city in ness county	ness county
who is a notable figure that was born in barcelona	barcelona
who was the creator of the fictional character doctor faustus	doctor faustus
which genre of album is harder ... ..faster ?	harder ... ..faster
what film is by the writer phil hay ?	phil hay
what was the cause of death of yves klein	yves klein
what position does pee wee reese play in baseball	pee wee reese
what tracks are listed in the release equator ?	equator
what is the content type of voodoo lounge ?	voodoo lounge
which home is an example of italianate architecture ?	italianate architecture
name a netflix film that uses hindi language ?	hindi language
where is mvm arts and science college at ?	mvm arts and science college
what style of jazz did zachary lipton perform ?	zachary lipton
who is a fictional character that is a gambler	gambler
what kind of album is casiopea perfect live ii	casiopea perfect live ii
who was the architect of the structure tour perret	tour perret
what kind of film is días de combate ?	días de combate
what is the name of a taylor swift album	taylor swift
which region was theory of a deadman released in	theory of a deadman
what is a song listed in the biggest rhythms	the biggest rhythms
what type of geographical feature is last chance canyon	last chance canyon
which genre of music is najbolje pesme 1980–1988 ?	najbolje pesme 1980–1988
who is the artist of breathing your love ?	breathing your love
what track is found on the recording new york	new york
what type of album is old school friday ?	old school friday
what type of film is the cunning little vixen	the cunning little vixen
to what group of islands does virgin gorda belong	virgin gorda
what kind of film is searching for elliott smith	searching for elliott smith
what is the name of a short film ?	short film
what 's a movie the keith raywood production designed	keith raywood
which songs have robert lamm written lyrics to ?	robert lamm
what country is a jersey tale filmed in ?	a jersey tale
what is the name of a compilation album ?	compilation album
what is the name of an underground compilation album	compilation album
what is the name of an album by superdrag	superdrag
in what form was close to the edge released	close to the edge
what book has been written in regards to cairo	cairo
what american cartoonist is the creator of andy lippincott	andy lippincott
who wrote the movie eye of the eagle iii	eye of the eagle iii
what is a track from the artist james kakande	james kakande
what is an example of a role-playing video game	role-playing video game
which country is the film the fish child from	the fish child
what types of music is created by adam levy	adam levy
who wrote the film goltzius and the pelican company	goltzius and the pelican company
which subject was discussed in gandhi , my father	gandhi , my father
who is a known football player that plays forward	forward
is wendi lampassi from the united states or canada	wendi lampassi
what entity is involved in the kraków pogrom ?	kraków pogrom
which publisher was behind age of conan : unchained	age of conan : unchained
what is a film that rick famuyiwa wrote ?	rick famuyiwa
what genre of music does mizraab belong to ?	mizraab
name a movie title under the netflix genre brazil	brazil
what language was the act of killing in ?	the act of killing
who was the lyricist of september , s. 346	september , s. 346
in which city was william greene turner born ?	william greene turner
who is an artist signed to warner bros. records	warner bros. records
what film was sidney sheldon the story contributor for	sidney sheldon
who is a person with politician as a profession	politician
what kind of music is the album farewell aldebaran	farewell aldebaran
what kind of instrument can joel forrester play ?	joel forrester
what tv series is the episode scary movie from	scary movie
what language is until the night composed in ?	until the night
what track is accredited to richard m. sherman ?	richard m. sherman
which film did ryuichi sakamoto create the music for	ryuichi sakamoto
what type of vessel is the rms umbria ?	rms umbria
what language was used in the film samba riachao	samba riachao
what genre is all because of you associated with	all because of you
what language is spoken in the movie atta baby	atta baby
who is actor who was born in berlin ?	berlin
who 's the artist who made rhythm and blues	rhythm and blues
what is the name of a rock music artist	rock music
what track was recorded by the last song ?	the last song
in which country was the winston churchill book published	winston churchill
what type of music is on the lioness ?	the lioness
who is the artist on night and day album	night and day
what is georgia gibbs 's country of nationality ?	georgia gibbs
which company released tiger woods pga tour 07 ?	tiger woods pga tour 07
what album is the track o holy night on	o holy night
what language does sanjog se bani sangini speak ?	sanjog se bani sangini
what is the genre of the amazing mrs pritchard	the amazing mrs pritchard
what zip codes are in chico , california ?	chico , california
which recording was the release track god included on	god
eva isaksen is a national of which state ?	eva isaksen
what is an example of a public high school	public high school
what kind of work does ratiborka ceramilac do ?	ratiborka ceramilac
who 's a kung fu star from hong kong	hong kong
what 's a town in the southwest of ireland	ireland
which southern united state was raasin mcintosh born in	raasin mcintosh
who is a character in speaker for the dead	speaker for the dead
what was the cause of death of josias cunningham	josias cunningham
what fruit can be eaten as directed by veganism	veganism
what is an example of a punk rock album	punk rock
which english novelist wrote the work payment deferred ?	payment deferred
who did the art direction for the film eclipse	eclipse
who was the lyricist from the composition titled monster	monster
what building is an example of colonial revival architecture	colonial revival architecture
who is the author of birds in jeopardy ?	birds in jeopardy
what 's a racing game released by vivendi games	vivendi games
what is a release from the track babylon ?	babylon
what is the genre of the movie rawhide ?	rawhide
what is an example of a single-player video game	single-player video game
which season was the jessica simpson episode in ?	jessica simpson
who wrote the case of the toxic spell dump	the case of the toxic spell dump
where was john f. mulholland , jr. born ?	john f. mulholland , jr.
what release track and recording is named yellow submarine	yellow submarine
what is herbert f. johnson museum of art near	herbert f. johnson museum of art
what kind of book is the graveyard shift ?	the graveyard shift
which language is written in as the crow flies	as the crow flies
which italian music composer was born in gaeta ?	gaeta
what kind of tv show is canterbury 's law	canterbury 's law
what italian writer is credited on the church ?	the church
where is the north canadian river located at ?	north canadian river
who is the lyricist behind the composition supercalifragilisticexpialidocious ?	supercalifragilisticexpialidocious
what 's a crime fiction film released in 2008	crime fiction
name a drug used to treat unstable angina .	unstable angina
what is a subject examined in the book criminalistics	criminalistics
what 's the title of a science fantasy book	science fantasy
what 's one of the songs released on believers	believers
what is the name of a science fiction film	science fiction
what kind of film is love in high gear	love in high gear
where was sweet talk your enemies released in ?	sweet talk your enemies
which european nationality does henryk borowski belong to ?	henryk borowski
which file did alex north write music for ?	alex north
what kind of music does porcupine tree make ?	porcupine tree
who was the executive producer of the film powers	powers
what genre is the film time to pay ?	time to pay
what kind of sports team is houston cougars football	houston cougars football
what is the nationality of glenn robinson iii ?	glenn robinson iii
what is the name of a musician from france	france
what genre is the bonnie and clyde film ?	bonnie and clyde
which type of people does roberto benigni belong to	roberto benigni
what region does king fahd international airport serve ?	king fahd international airport
what is the name of a lgbt film ?	lgbt
name someone who was born in kitchener , ontario	kitchener , ontario
what football player was born in san giovanni bianco	san giovanni bianco
what type of video game is last resort ?	last resort
what kind of album is glory to the brave	glory to the brave
what is christian gartner 's country of nationality ?	christian gartner
what 's a book written by john reynolds gardiner	john reynolds gardiner
what did john tory do for a profession ?	john tory
whats a location shown in the movie the master	the master
what type of music was made by reno kiilerich	reno kiilerich
where was fabrice lachant 's place of birth ?	fabrice lachant
what genre is raped by an angel on netflix	raped by an angel
is big kahuna words a single-player or multiplayer game	big kahuna words
what is tom parkinson 's place of birth ?	tom parkinson
who is the author editor of natural acts ?	natural acts
what state is john boozman a us representative for	john boozman
what kind of album is the self-titled ep beck	beck
what illness is the by product of spinal tumor	spinal tumor
what kind of art form is genevieve renson ?	genevieve renson
what is the color of the spironolactone 25 tablet	spironolactone 25 tablet
what movie did jonathan davis write the score for	jonathan davis
who wrote the tv series episode under the influence	under the influence
who is the author of empire of ivory ?	empire of ivory
is orpheus signed to mgm records or capital records	orpheus
what drug category is yellow pine 40000 injectable solution	yellow pine 40000 injectable solution
what genre of music does la sarita produce ?	la sarita
who plays defender position for aep paphos f.c. ?	defender
which region is jakalteko , western language located in	jakalteko , western language
which artist made giants of the big band era	giants of the big band era
what subject does the intelligence of art talk about	the intelligence of art
what is the active moiety of formulation of oxybenzone	oxybenzone
who wrote the story for the moro affair ?	the moro affair
what state is peter defazio a us representative for	peter defazio
what are some examples of an arch bridge ?	arch bridge
which language is the film terminal city ricochet in	terminal city ricochet
what kind of drug is glatiramer acetate 20 injection	glatiramer acetate 20 injection
what is cai chusheng 's place of birth ?	cai chusheng
what is the active ingredient of sucralfate 100 suspension	sucralfate 100 suspension
what is the name os a hardcore punk album	hardcore punk
who was the author of the end of eternity	the end of eternity
what area does joão paulo ii airport serve ?	joão paulo ii airport
what type of music is speak ! ! !	speak ! ! !
who is an artist known for industrial music ?	industrial music
what physical format is the ventures collection available on	the ventures collection
what is silvio schröter 's county of nationality ?	silvio schröter
what 's an asteroid contained within the solar system	solar system
what is an example of a rock music album	rock music
ginger ale is an ingredient in what dish ?	ginger ale
which time zone is sesto ed uniti located in	sesto ed uniti
what genre of album is in the running ?	in the running
what is charles , prince of wales 's religion	charles , prince of wales
who was the first person to climb the matterhorn	matterhorn
who composed darshan ( the road to graceland )	darshan ( the road to graceland )
who is a person that was born in weston	weston
what was the cause of death of enrico banducci	enrico banducci
name a track off of the ep collection release	the ep collection
where did the pacific theater of operations take place	pacific theater of operations
what series is mr. belvedere - season 3 from	mr. belvedere - season 3
what artistic movement is piotr litvinsky associated with ?	piotr litvinsky
what was the reasoning behind jack kirk 's death	jack kirk
what was the cause of death of john harmon	john harmon
what is the gender of the character named helena	helena
what is the movie genre of taxi driver ?	taxi driver
what album content type is the album lolita ?	lolita
what is a version of tao te ching ?	tao te ching
what fictional character was created by paul ryan ?	paul ryan
what is the platform of the game pocket fighter	pocket fighter
which release is daydreams the release track off of	daydreams
what is an example of a documentary film ?	documentary film
which song did brian molko write the lyrics to	brian molko
what kind of release was afraid of heights ?	afraid of heights
what language is the movie viswanatha nayakudu in ?	viswanatha nayakudu
which language is the song let springtime come in	let springtime come
which art form did blažej baláž express themselves through	blažej baláž
what kind of music is aldo parisot known for	aldo parisot
where was willians domingos fernandes given birth at ?	willians domingos fernandes
which language is primarily used in alice 's restaurant	alice 's restaurant
how is the botrytis cinerea 40000 injectable solution administered	botrytis cinerea 40000 injectable solution
who is the artist doing the hard times recording	hard times
what is one version of the single gold ?	gold
what genre is the artwork evening , honfleur considered	evening , honfleur
who composed smarty ( you know it all )	smarty ( you know it all )
whos the guy that produced the song freeze frame	freeze frame
which countries is sulfasalazine 500 tablet available in ?	sulfasalazine 500 tablet
which artist recorded the album the platinum collection ?	the platinum collection
where did the 8th illinois volunteer infantry regiment originate	8th illinois volunteer infantry regiment
what radio channel is used by alien ant farm	alien ant farm
which album can i find the song mildred pierce	mildred pierce
what 's the name of a psychedelic rock album	psychedelic rock
which genre is the lion of the moguls ?	the lion of the moguls
what type of album is dancing up a storm	dancing up a storm
what medium is the story so far released in	the story so far
who is a producer of the music release monster	monster
what large city in brazil was marcus viana born	marcus viana
which language is the president versus david hicks in	the president versus david hicks
which religion was hugo egon balder a part of	hugo egon balder
where is olga desmond 's place of birth ?	olga desmond
what are the subjects of our story magic ?	our story magic
which rock music albums were produced in brooklyn ?	rock music
what artist recorded the bandits of beverly hills ?	the bandits of beverly hills
which project did fred quimby earn a producer credit	fred quimby
what kind of music is anthems for worship ?	anthems for worship
which type of book is the echo under ?	the echo
what company did produce apollo 13 ( film )	apollo 13
what are the school colors of rostrevor college ?	rostrevor college
what type of music artist is dj cobra ?	dj cobra
what is a game published by acclaim entertainment ?	acclaim entertainment
which area is the administrative parent of callao region	callao region
what is a game developed by uep systems ?	uep systems
what type of music does ki theory make ?	ki theory
what is the primary language of the big dream	the big dream
who was involved in the battle of long island	battle of long island
which actress was born in osaka , japan ?	osaka , japan
what release did the track suicide come off of	suicide
what is the name of a dance music album	dance music
a sound of thunder produced what type of music	a sound of thunder
what is an album by this means you ?	album
what school is a sort of public school ?	public school
what 's an active ingredient in palifermin 6.25 injection	palifermin 6.25 injection
on what release is the release track christopher columbus	christopher columbus
what drug is potassium the active moiety of formulation	potassium
where in hungary did béla barsy pass away ?	béla barsy
what specific kind of music does papa chango write	papa chango
what is the genre of the film green dragon	green dragon
what is la rioja province ( argentina ) considered	la rioja
what is the birth place of vahan gevorgyan ?	vahan gevorgyan
which artist is signed with telarc international corporation ?	telarc international corporation
what 's the featured artist on get up !	get up !
what is the subject of shroud for a nightingale	shroud for a nightingale
who was the producer for the production closer ?	closer
which language was used in the film magic waltz	magic waltz
what 's a film art directed by leslie dilley	leslie dilley
name a track from the release , oslo .	oslo
which position does the basketball player jack cooley play	jack cooley
name a book that focuses on the subject history	history
in which region was the 12539 chaikin discovered ?	12539 chaikin
what releases have universal music group put out ?	universal music group
which european language is traffic jam spoken in ?	traffic jam
what is the vehicle type of a 63 woodside	63 woodside
what movie is a type of family film ?	family film
what is an instrument that graham coxon plays ?	graham coxon
what is a famous horse that was a filly	filly
which position on the field does yeo hyo-jin play	yeo hyo-jin
what company did publish brothers in arms ds game	brothers in arms ds
who is a male that was born in huy	huy
what 's an instrument that george c. baker played	george c. baker
what is arthur hallam 's place of death ?	arthur hallam
in what major city is quebec autoroute 20 ?	quebec autoroute 20
what type of music does e-town concrete make ?	e-town concrete
what is the name of a forward in football	forward
what is the genre of the book dirty tricks	dirty tricks
what genre of music does monrose belong to ?	monrose
who wrote `` l '' is for lawless ?	`` l '' is for lawless
what kind of movie is the horror of frankenstein	the horror of frankenstein
what color does atomoxetine hydrochloride 25 capsule come in	atomoxetine hydrochloride 25 capsule
who wrote the tv episode the natural order ?	the natural order
what type of aircraft was air lanka flight 512	air lanka flight 512
is michael staniforth from united kingdom or united states	michael staniforth
what is university of minnesota 's school color ?	university of minnesota
who was the publisher of the game jersey devil	jersey devil
what kind of a film is keenan at sea	keenan at sea
what is the release type of noi lazzaroni ?	noi lazzaroni
what east coast city did paris theodore die in	paris theodore
what is an ingredient of an old fashioned ?	old fashioned
the university of surrey features what school colors ?	university of surrey
which genre of film is the hands of shang-chi	the hands of shang-chi
what is a track from edgar allan poe ?	edgar allan poe
which artist released live from across the pond ?	live from across the pond
what is the subject matter of leonardo da vinci	leonardo da vinci
what kind of music does dj heavygrinder make ?	dj heavygrinder
what type of license is wey source farringdon ?	wey source farringdon
what is the gender of fictional character biscuit ?	biscuit
who was an artist associated with the impressionism movement	impressionism
who recorded the album living in the material world	living in the material world
name a game from the nintendo entertainment system .	nintendo entertainment system
what powers does sailor moon ( character ) have	sailor moon
international relations is the subject of what literary composition	international relations
what shape does doxycycline hyclate 100 tablet come in	doxycycline hyclate 100 tablet
what kind of celestial object is 25669 kristinrose ?	25669 kristinrose
who is the artist of ultimate oldies channel ?	ultimate oldies channel
what country is bété , daloa language spoken in	bété , daloa language
what is edmund grierson 's country of nationality ?	edmund grierson
what country was the green glove filmed in ?	the green glove
which country did buch in de bajes originate from	buch in de bajes
marsalis standard time , volume 1 is by who	marsalis standard time , volume 1
where was nicholas crafts 's place of birth ?	nicholas crafts
what film was russ meyer a cinematographer for ?	russ meyer
what is the subject of the jewish century ?	the jewish century
who is an artist that plays contemporary christian music	contemporary christian music
what is the region of give yourself away ?	give yourself away
who was st. patrick high school named after ?	st. patrick high school
who was the director of the film temple grandin	temple grandin
what is the location where jan retèl died ?	jan retèl
what type of album is the essential judy garland	the essential judy garland
what drug has atropa belladonna as the active ingredient	atropa belladonna
which genre is the book invitada de honor from	invitada de honor
what is danny zorn 's country of nationality ?	danny zorn
in what us city was leo nocentelli born ?	leo nocentelli
in what city and state are the meadow hills	meadow hills
what films have been produced by vishal bharadwaj ?	vishal bharadwaj
what is a film in the genre silent film	silent film
what kind of music does the horrors play ?	the horrors
what is the physical format of the release blackout	blackout
what is the genre of every given moment ?	every given moment
name a drama film by theodore j. pahle .	theodore j. pahle
what kind of tv show is the rerun show	the rerun show
what song is by the artist burt bacharach ?	burt bacharach
what is the license for the software omegat ?	omegat
tetotum , virginia is located in which state ?	tetotum , virginia
what country is afrânio a second level division of	afrânio
what was way of life 's primary release ?	way of life
surviving urban disasters is what type of tv program	surviving urban disasters
what was the cause of death of jan mark	jan mark
what movie did michael nyman create music for ?	michael nyman
what celestial object is 20856 hamzabari classfied as ?	20856 hamzabari
what is an instrument that urs bühler has played	urs bühler
is diablo iii overture a song or an album	diablo iii overture
who is a famous actress born in england ?	england
what school district is bartlett high school in ?	bartlett high school
where is pianist and composer taylor eigsti from ?	taylor eigsti
who is someone that was born in sandefjord ?	sandefjord
what is the location where sidney wilcox died ?	sidney wilcox
what is an example of a studio album ?	studio album
what event is in the 1928 summer olympics ?	1928 summer olympics
what is the composition fever a recording of ?	fever
what release featured the track i 'm every woman	i 'm every woman
what form does triclosan 0.0015 liquid come in ?	triclosan 0.0015 liquid
who is the child of william e. miller ?	william e. miller
what track is featured on love with silver spears	love with silver spears
what tracks have been recorded by lorin maazel ?	lorin maazel
what sort of music does your side affiliate with	your side
where in the southwest is lone wolf located ?	lone wolf
who was an advisee of the academic frederick mosteller	frederick mosteller
what is a film that dana stevens wrote ?	dana stevens
which russian city was prince paul of yugoslavia born	prince paul of yugoslavia
which piece of artwork is an oil paint ?	oil paint
what is max joseph von pettenkofer 's gender ?	max joseph von pettenkofer
what was alicia aller 's cause of death ?	alicia aller
which country was kiss hitlist 2002 released in ?	kiss hitlist 2002
what is the name of a psychology book ?	psychology
who is someone born in kewanee , illinois ?	kewanee , illinois
what position does martin abena have in soccer ?	martin abena
whats the music genre that the artist freur makes	freur
what type of school is bishop neumann high school	bishop neumann high school
what is the parent disease of the tar syndrome	tar syndrome
what is the name of christiana dorothea bach father	christiana dorothea bach
which lloyd bacon movie qualifies as a musical film	musical
where was the place of death of ramon llull	ramon llull
whats the name of a child of frank gibney	frank gibney
what type of music does die krupps play ?	die krupps
what artist recorded american dream ( remix ) ?	american dream ( remix )
which city was keith wilson given birth at ?	keith wilson
what is opening day of close-up considered as ?	opening day of close-up
which person was the selous game reserve named after	selous game reserve
in which movie was ken hughes the music director	ken hughes
which perri klass book is based on family ?	family
who directed the film the young and prodigious spivet	the young and prodigious spivet
who 's featured on a new kind of man	a new kind of man
which american sport does marcus allen play in ?	marcus allen
to what religion does ng moon hing belong to	ng moon hing
what kind of film is the 6 month rule	the 6 month rule
what is the subject matter of the sacred band	the sacred band
what sort of show is kapitan sowa na tropie	kapitan sowa na tropie
what kind of film is the barber of seville	the barber of seville
what language is chowrasta crossroads of love available in	chowrasta crossroads of love
what country created the film the monastery of sendomir	the monastery of sendomir
what film genre is twilight considered to be ?	twilight
what is the film genre of odette toulemonde ?	odette toulemonde
how is the dosage of salsalate 500 tablet given	salsalate 500 tablet
where did the show all about eve orginate from	all about eve
what did eugen sacharias do for a living ?	eugen sacharias
what 's the name of a place in louisiana	louisiana
which format is the release gentle flowers released in	gentle flowers
how was meet betty carter and ray bryant released	meet betty carter and ray bryant
which major city was john william finn born in	john william finn
what genre did the game salamander fall under ?	salamander
what music is on the film amazing grace ?	amazing grace
who is the author of the book blue blood	blue blood
where was summer glau 's place of birth ?	summer glau
what is jeremy c. owens a professional at ?	jeremy c. owens
what play was lawrence b. munsey the director for	lawrence b. munsey
what movie category does shakespeare 's soliloquies fall within	shakespeare 's soliloquies
what types of movie is vampire boys in netflix	vampire boys
what type of school is warrensburg high school ?	warrensburg high school
where is mississippi museum of natural science located ?	mississippi museum of natural science
what is a software used in library genre ?	library
what type of album is panorama : maurice ravel	panorama : maurice ravel
what book is a type of suspense book ?	suspense
what is a film produced by paul brooks ?	paul brooks
which position on the field does jimmy hill play	jimmy hill
what is the name of a temple of worship	temple
what city was arthur leonard bateman born in ?	arthur leonard bateman
what is the subject of keep smiling through ?	keep smiling through
which country was the film the butcher shot in	the butcher
what is an example of an action role-playing game	action role-playing game
carin van der donk is one of what people	carin van der donk
what is a track by blue eyed devils ?	blue eyed devils
what content type is the album mandhira punnagai ?	mandhira punnagai
what type of school is vanderbilt university law school	vanderbilt university law school
which book is part of people of the book	people of the book
who is a person that was born in nice	nice
what was the original language for the work transition	transition
where are the ashmore and cartier islands located ?	ashmore and cartier islands
what is the name of a netflix romance film	romance film
what company produced the sbk : snowboard kids game	sbk : snowboard kids
what is the gender of the fictional character cloudtail	cloudtail
is walter hampden from the united states or canada	walter hampden
which city does the dordogne river run through ?	dordogne
what language was tmnt ( film ) done in	tmnt
who directed tower of london ( 1939 film )	tower of london
who wrote galaxy of fear : the swarm ?	galaxy of fear : the swarm
what type of binding is on the book arabella	arabella
which position on the field did aleksandar todorovski play	aleksandar todorovski
alexandre bilodeau is a member of which gender ?	alexandre bilodeau
which artist recorded the album portrait of sinatra ?	portrait of sinatra
what does ( 8334 ) 1984 cf orbit around	( 8334 ) 1984 cf
what area does clarksville/red river county airport serve ?	clarksville/red river county airport
in what country was target of an assassin filmed	target of an assassin
what is the language used for the show hex	hex
who is the recording artist for abandoned garden ?	abandoned garden
what is the name of a short story ?	short story
who is a person born in fredericksburg , virginia	fredericksburg , virginia
is gavin & stacey a romance or action movie	gavin & stacey
what is the language of the film fighter ?	fighter
what war did james v. hartinger participate in ?	james v. hartinger
who were the parents of oliver orion ocasek ?	oliver orion ocasek
what country was involved in battle of ani ?	battle of ani
what series is fear of flying an episode of	fear of flying
which start system does 4965 takeda belong to ?	4965 takeda
what type of music is perform by winter equinox	winter equinox
what is the genre of the netflix title brushfires	brushfires
what type of cancer did richard riordan have ?	richard riordan
what song is isaac a recorded version of ?	isaac
what 's a good example of an action show	action
who wrote do n't let me be lonely tonight	do n't let me be lonely tonight
what is the history of the book of jonah	book of jonah
which film was trisha biggar a costume designer for	trisha biggar
what type of game is the ncaa football 07	ncaa football 07
what is an example of a mathematics book ?	mathematics
what is located in philadelphia county , pennsylvania ?	philadelphia county
which musician released one heart at a time ?	one heart at a time
what recording is named after the release track blue	blue
who was mentioned in review of extract at www.slate.com	review of extract at www.slate.com
what type of book is super natural cooking ?	super natural cooking
how would a person classify moscow on the hudson	moscow on the hudson
what was northwestern fights and fighters written about ?	northwestern fights and fighters
what 's the prequel for che : part two	che : part two
what show is the episode los angeles from ?	los angeles
what is a track from rites of passage ?	rites of passage
where is archived the 1909 silent film princess nicotine	princess nicotine
what language is the film haramuya recorded in ?	haramuya
what is the occupation of the character clive thornton	clive thornton
what type of music does habeas corpus perform ?	habeas corpus
what type of genre is off the beat-n-track podcast	off the beat-n-track podcast
who is the record label for the orb ?	the orb
what type of release is the ultimate collection ?	ultimate collection
what is porochista khakpour 's place of birth ?	porochista khakpour
what is an organization founded by maulana masood azhar	masood azhar
where was the album in puget sound released ?	in puget sound
what is jane pauley known for in entertainment ?	jane pauley
what is the genre of the walking hills ?	the walking hills
what position does joe ferguson play in baseball ?	joe ferguson
what language is 60 minutes sports spoken in ?	60 minutes sports
what west coast city was bolt birch born in	bolt birch
what 's one of fedde le grand 's albums	fedde le grand
the artist the warlocks belongs to what record label	the warlocks
who is the parent of drogo of champagne ?	drogo of champagne
which genre does the film power fall under ?	power
what kind of film is the master key ?	the master key
which new york city did william morgan shuster in	william morgan shuster
where was max graham 's place of birth ?	max graham
what nascar team is bobby labonte a part of	bobby labonte
what kind of music is love in bright landscapes	love in bright landscapes
which artist created the recording butterfly on a wheel	butterfly on a wheel
what is the language spoken in the film socialism	film socialism
which format was voice of the xtabay released in	voice of the xtabay
where was michael spillane 's place of birth ?	michael spillane
where in the united states was roderick wetherill born	roderick wetherill
what genre does the album greatest kiss belong to	greatest kiss
who 's a fictional character born in united kingdom	united kingdom
which category of music does black celebration fall under	black celebration
who is the author of the honourable schoolboy ?	the honourable schoolboy
where was daniel hiester 's place of birth ?	daniel hiester
what is an example of a compilation album ?	compilation album
what kind of music does joe baer magnant perform	joe baer magnant
what was sjarel branckaerts official cause of death ?	sjarel branckaerts
which asian language is unspoken passion filmed in ?	unspoken passion
what was the origin of the artist 1974 ad	1974 ad
what was the release type for the forgotten ?	the forgotten
what female artist is on the matador records label	matador records
what caused the death of orrick glenday johns ?	orrick glenday johns
what south american country gives milton gaucho his nationality	milton gaucho
which cult film did harry shearer contribute music for	harry shearer
what is the subject of the book the horizon	the horizon
what is a creek located in the united states	united states
who is the parent of alix of france ?	alix of france
which film genre is the outlaw josey wales in	the outlaw josey wales
which platform could run the south park video game	south park
in which city did roger iddison pass away in	roger iddison
what country made 2005 angeline sonoma county cabernet sauvignon	2005 angeline sonoma county cabernet sauvignon
what asteroid is found in the solar system ?	solar system
what genre of music is takayo ookoshi associated iwth	takayo ookoshi
what kind of activism did edward daniels participate in	edward daniels
what type of album is the sky is crying	the sky is crying
what language is spoken throughout the movie 14 women	14 women
what is geoff byrd 's country of nationality ?	geoff byrd
what kind of metal is on handful of rain	handful of rain
what is the name of a goalkeeper in soccer	goalkeeper
which drug is used for treating alzheimer 's ?	drug
what 's an asteroid located within the solar system	solar system
what is the album content type of night ripper	night ripper
what is the track list of the colour album	the colour album
which track is done by the artist mostly harmless	mostly harmless
what is a track of the jigsaw pieces album	jigsaw pieces
what form of composition is everything i need ?	everything i need
what science fiction movie did warner bros. make ?	warner bros.
what is the birth place of horace ivory ?	horace ivory
what kind of album is while we 're young	while we 're young
what country was line describing your mom filmed in	line describing your mom
what platform is used for the game raiden ?	raiden
what is the sex of the racehorse breed sydeston	sydeston
what is the sex of the organism longboat ?	longboat
who was involved in the battle of oriskany ?	battle of oriskany
what type of musical composition is little lucid moments	little lucid moments
what is the genre of the red jumpsuit apparatus	the red jumpsuit apparatus
was the film helpmates in color or black-and-white ?	helpmates
what is the name of a work by focus	focus
what genre of music does dj tarkan create ?	dj tarkan
who wrote the film postcards from the edge ?	postcards from the edge
what type of lens come with the sony 16mm	sony 16mm
what type of music is on stoney end ?	stoney end
who was the artist of a sculpture art piece	sculpture
what kind of music does tim vanhamel perform ?	tim vanhamel
what does ( 42513 ) 1993 sh15 orbit around	( 42513 ) 1993 sh15
arunpong chaiwinit is popular for what kind of music	arunpong chaiwinit
what kind of business does media rights capital have	media rights capital
what writing system does the avestan language use ?	avestan language
what is one of the municipalities located in brazil	brazil
what is the flavor of nicotine 4 chewing gum	nicotine 4 chewing gum
what is an example of a black-and-white film ?	black-and-white
what musical genre is twinn connexion known for creating	twinn connexion
what type of poetry did sachal sarmast write ?	sachal sarmast
which animated short film was released in 2013 ?	short film
who is a football player that plays defender ?	defender
what is the profession of paul b. radin ?	paul b. radin
what is the name of a known autobiography book	autobiography
does pee wee reese play shortstop or power forward	pee wee reese
which series does the episode dubai belong to ?	dubai
what is the focus of the sydney lacan workshop	sydney lacan workshop
which beauty school is located in the united states	united states
which organization was john bosco a founder for ?	john bosco
what tv series included the episode license to hill	license to hill
is dave hause from the untied states or canada	dave hause
what time zone is the alaska township located in	alaska township
name an album from the thrash metal genre .	thrash metal
what form does israeli geography 101 come in ?	israeli geography 101
what city near columbia is located in south carolina	south carolina
what position in baseball does calvin maduro play ?	calvin maduro
where is sodus township located in the u.s. ?	sodus township
what are albums in the genre of experimental music	experimental music
what country is the film lassie based in ?	lassie
what does hyder edward rollins do for a living	hyder edward rollins
what kind of album is number one hits ?	number one hits
which former football player was born in sioux falls	sioux falls
who is the artist of the album salute ?	salute
what is the rank of the organism classification phainopepla	phainopepla
name a comic book series that shinshokan has published	shinshokan
what release is from the label columbia records ?	columbia records
what star does ( 12671 ) 1980 fu orbit	( 12671 ) 1980 fu
janty yates was the costume designer for what film	janty yates
what universe did lara the illusionist appear in ?	lara the illusionist
who is a member of the new democrat coalition	new democrat coalition
in what format was home for christmas released ?	home for christmas
which female tv presenter is diagnosed with scoliosis ?	scoliosis
which state is the elk river located in ?	elk river
who is an artist from the alternative metal genre	alternative metal
what artist is in the freak folk genre ?	freak folk
what kind of album is plays in paris ?	plays in paris
kan ishii was a composer for which film ?	kan ishii
which song is bob marley given credit as lyricist	bob marley
what is a track by artist mikel erentxun ?	mikel erentxun
who was the director of henry vi part 2	henry vi part 2
what type of institute is lakeland regional high school	lakeland regional high school
which genre of book is the trellis cookbook ?	the trellis cookbook
in what format was until the quiet comes released	until the quiet comes
who recorded the only living boy in new york	the only living boy in new york
what is a type of hindi netflix genre ?	hindi
what genre of music is means to an end	means to an end
what kind of music does dwane husbands make ?	dwane husbands
where was ghiselin danckerts 's place of birth ?	ghiselin danckerts
which location is the administrative child of mendoza province	mendoza province
who did the music for duel of the titans	duel of the titans
what type of music is i against i ?	i against i
which recording is for whom the bell tolls from	for whom the bell tolls
what color is worn at waukegan high school ?	waukegan high school
what is the name of a finnish actress ?	actress
was the national tree a tv or theatrical movie	the national tree
what genre is all the real girls classified as	all the real girls
what star system does the 4816 connelly orbit ?	4816 connelly
what is the last grade in goldenview middle school	goldenview middle school
what is an episode of understanding - season 0	understanding - season 0
what 's a track from the release 9 secondes	9 secondes
which language is the film ice twisters in ?	ice twisters
which region is the album gold released in ?	gold
what is the temperament of the dog standard schnauzer	standard schnauzer
what is a treatment for the disease of bleeding	bleeding
which published book was written by george macdonald fraser	george macdonald fraser
what type of store is safeway ( australia )	safeway
what is betty arvaniti 's place of origin ?	betty arvaniti
what position does dan shannon play in baseball ?	dan shannon
which artist made the album resonator ( 2002-2003 )	resonator ( 2002-2003 )
what is the architectural style of bath abbey ?	bath abbey
which country did the film relapse come out of	relapse
where could i buy rescon 2/60 multilayer tablet legally	rescon 2/60 multilayer tablet
what tracks are by banco del mutuo soccorso ?	banco del mutuo soccorso
which netflix genre is bonnie and clyde found under	bonnie and clyde
what kind of music does leigh bingham nash perform	leigh bingham nash
which male artist produced the album chansons douces ?	chansons douces
what style of music is encyclopedia of sound ?	encyclopedia of sound
whats an example name of a role-playing video game	role-playing video game
which city is the sandcastle water park located in	sandcastle water park
what 's a neighborhood in the sacramento metropolitan area	sacramento metropolitan area
what types of music is it would be you	it would be you
what movie is a type of documentary film ?	documentary film
which albums contain the track song : starcandy ?	song : starcandy
what religion was edmund campion a jesuit priest of	edmund campion
what language is spoken on the british family ?	the british family
who is the story of circle of iron by	circle of iron
what country is alvorada the second level division for	alvorada
what man is a retired ice hockey linesman ?	ice hockey
what time zone is copper harbor , michigan in	copper harbor , michigan
what is a recording from goin ' down slow	goin ' down slow
what language was priscilla and the umbrella filmed in	priscilla and the umbrella
what are the titles of hunter davies 's books	hunter davies
what country is bowling green state university in ?	bowling green state university
jackie is an album recorded by what artist ?	jackie
what country can you get pepto-bismol 262 tablet ?	pepto-bismol 262 tablet
what is the subject of the book wobegon boy	wobegon boy
who published spy fox in `` dry cereal ''	spy fox in `` dry cereal ''
what was the cause of death of jeremiah burrell	jeremiah burrell
what is a track off the album motive ?	motive
what language is used in the film the proposition	the proposition
what type of school is universidad nacional de misiones	universidad nacional de misiones
what genre of film is counsel for crime ?	counsel for crime
what artist made personal jesus ( pump mix )	personal jesus ( pump mix )
who is an artist that recorded battle of waterloo	battle of waterloo
what is a type of netflix fantasy film ?	fantasy
what sort of music does jan randall play ?	jan randall
which type of music is savannah churchill known for	savannah churchill
which track is in the release of killabites 2	killabites 2
what is a treatment for the disease cardiac arrhythmia	cardiac arrhythmia
what types of movie is a fish called wanda	a fish called wanda
what is the name of a power metal album	power metal
what tracked comes from the release at their best	at their best
where is in the high school originally from ?	in the high school
what track came from the release ellis island sound	ellis island sound
what is a second level division of united states	united states
what is the active ingredient in cefepime 20 injection	cefepime 20 injection
what is a track featured on the superior album	superior
which film was ken adam the production designer for	ken adam
is shinbone alley from the united states or france	shinbone alley
who manufactures the drug pramipexole dihydrochloride 1 tablet ?	pramipexole dihydrochloride 1 tablet
what is the label that amédé ardoin is under	amédé ardoin
what instrument does matt mays know how to play	matt mays
what is a book written by colson whitehead ?	colson whitehead
what is a drug that comes in cherry flavor	cherry
what was takahashi korekiyo 's place of death ?	takahashi korekiyo
what is the fort union national monument classified as	fort union national monument
what type of music is victor bouchard known for	victor bouchard
what film did tristan oliver direct cinematography for ?	tristan oliver
what track list is on nothing but the beat	nothing but the beat
is thunder & roses an album or a cassette	thunder & roses
who wrote the story for the film bobby deerfield	bobby deerfield
what book genre is plague of the dead ?	plague of the dead
what are the transit lines of liverpool street station	liverpool street station
what media format was not dead yet released on	not dead yet
what musical style is the album vulture culture ?	vulture culture
what 's the netflix genre of the lucky texan	the lucky texan
who was an actor killed by a myocardial infarction	myocardial infarction
what finnish rock band is the creator of blue	blue
what war did humphrey osbaldston brooke firman participate in	humphrey osbaldston brooke firman
what book does lady catherine de bourgh appear in	lady catherine de bourgh
what is an album from the punk rock genre	punk rock
what 's a recording of 9mm ( song )	9mm
what kind of license does tugra mahmuds ii have	tugra mahmuds ii
what is the format of canon eos 40d ?	canon eos 40d
what is a name of a fantasy book ?	fantasy
who is an artist involved with installation art ?	installation art
where does the iran national handball team play ?	iran national handball team
what was the profession of abbas i of persia	abbas i of persia
what country was the king is alive filmed in	the king is alive
what is the nationality of thomas joseph meskill ?	thomas joseph meskill
what 's a croatian band that plays rock music	rock music
what is an organization in the arbitration sector ?	arbitration
who is robert e. lee high school named after	robert e. lee high school
in which album is ridiculously extravagant disguises featured on	ridiculously extravagant disguises
what city name of track is released in smoke	smoke
how does motionworks physical therapy identify as an organization	motionworks physical therapy
what is the characteristic symptom of the disease cholera	cholera
what kind of music do shaheedullah and stereotypes play	shaheedullah and stereotypes
what console was spectrobes : origins made for ?	spectrobes : origins
what administrative geographical unit is found in lakhisarai district	lakhisarai district
what game has the cvg genre of superhero movie	superhero movie
where did the second battle of corinth take place	second battle of corinth
what tv program is an example of telethon ?	telethon
in which country was the lot in sodom filmed	lot in sodom
what is a kind of crime is under fraud	fraud
who directed the cinematography for nero 's mistress ?	nero 's mistress
what kind of music did the album lili feature	lili
what type of business industry is geek squad ?	geek squad
which music genre is make a jazz noise here	make a jazz noise here
who was a parent of princess louise of belgium	princess louise of belgium
who edited the film assault on precinct 13 ?	assault on precinct 13
what 's the name of james hetfield 's son	james hetfield
what category does eta carinae a fall in ?	eta carinae a
what is a famous song by johnny cash ?	johnny cash
what is the sex of rose of kingston ?	rose of kingston
what is a film in the horror genre ?	horror
where in arizona did jeff barlett start his career	jeff barlett
where was the place of birth of michael foot	michael foot
which nordic country does lars kaalund belong to ?	lars kaalund
what ideology is the political party mebyon kernow ?	mebyon kernow
what type of music is on the album candlebox	candlebox
what is an album by verbena ( band )	verbena
what was one of the songs on jungle massive	jungle massive
what country was faites couler la bière released in	faites couler la bière
what type of book is no more hiroshimas ?	no more hiroshimas
what book was written on the subject of optics	optics
what are the names of compositions by george gershwin	george gershwin
what books have been written on social history ?	social history
who could be considered as a pop music artist	pop music
what is the mountain pass located in the alps	alps
what was a track on the release morning view	morning view
name a power pop album by two hours traffic	power pop
what is a track on the democracy release ?	democracy
what is the topic of the book 50/50 ?	50/50
what is nathan bryan 's place of origin ?	nathan bryan
what is the compilation album by nils lofgren called	compilation album
where was heinz eichler 's place of birth ?	heinz eichler
which platform game features mario 's evil twin ?	platform game
who is a notable person with the disease goitre	goitre
what format was hitarchief top 2000 released as ?	hitarchief top 2000
what 's an indie rock album by kimya dawson	indie rock
whats the name of someone born in alor setar	alor setar
what 's a song from bad ( album )	bad
who handled the music for five days one summer	five days one summer
name a platform game that appeared on the nes	platform game
who takes the credit for the album born free	born free
name a person who was born in anyang .	anyang
which organizations were founded by ellen g. white ?	ellen g. white
which airport did british airways flight 149 come from	british airways flight 149
what 's a song featured on ask the dust	ask the dust
which genre of film is cia : exiled ?	cia : exiled
what is a track off the no protection album	no protection
is moonlight & magic an adventure or horror movie	moonlight & magic
who was the producer for the totally rad show	the totally rad show
what type of album is never say never ?	never say never
what country is raiders of the living dead from	raiders of the living dead
what is an example of gothic revival architecture ?	gothic revival architecture
what song is on oobu joobu , part 1	oobu joobu , part 1
where is the birth place of marian chace ?	marian chace
who was a famous person born in bandar-e anzali	bandar-e anzali
which label did art porter release work on ?	art porter
what kind of music does john ford coley play	john ford coley
what is the school color of portage college ?	portage college
what types of music is played by ninth parade	ninth parade
where did hans-jürgen von arnim take his last breath	hans-jürgen von arnim
what was the cause of death for georg danzer	georg danzer
what is a hack and slash role-playing video game	role-playing video game
what country is james harris ( politician ) from	james harris
what is an example of a drama film ?	drama film
what is the san francisco ballet known for ?	san francisco ballet
what genre of music does kevin macmichael play ?	kevin macmichael
which genre of music is on the album decadance	decadance
what is a thriller ( genre ) film ?	thriller
which country is kaplan college - panorama city in	kaplan college - panorama city
what is a track on the bora album ?	bora
what type of music is the sea change album	sea change
what is a camera compatible with secure digital card	secure digital card
who were lawrence washington ( 1659–1698 ) 's parents	lawrence washington ( 1659–1698 )
what movie is a type of action film ?	action film
name a track released by i shall be released	i shall be released
what was ana cristina cesar 's cause of death	ana cristina cesar
which artist recorded a version of the song always	always
what album type was the best of ian dury	the best of ian dury
what television program did producer kenneth johnson create ?	kenneth johnson
what is the genre of the album desiderium ep	desiderium ep
which european nation does luc lutz belong to ?	luc lutz
what is an episode written by todd j. greenwald	todd j. greenwald
what was the cause of death of morihei ueshiba	morihei ueshiba
which periods was giovanni angelo canini associated with ?	giovanni angelo canini
what 's recording is the release track cambodia from	cambodia
what is the nationality of marc van warmerdam ?	marc van warmerdam
which city was frederick corder in when he died	frederick corder
what is a higher classification of a toy poodle	toy poodle
who was the writer for the film the promise	the promise
mercury and solace was released in what form ?	mercury and solace
what is an album recorded by boston pops orchestra	boston pops orchestra
what book edition was james joyce the author of	james joyce
which writing system is the sunda language under ?	sunda language
who wrote the story for art school confidential ?	art school confidential
which united states town is located in iowa ?	united states
what is the topic of the politics of anti-semitism	the politics of anti-semitism
where in california did james starbuck pass away ?	james starbuck
which position in football is played by shay revivo	shay revivo
which country is kenai fjords national park located in	kenai fjords national park
what artist recorded shine on you crazy diamond ?	shine on you crazy diamond
what style of music does lara saint paul perform	lara saint paul
what song is from the tracks of my tears	the tracks of my tears
which city in europe was michel lang born in	michel lang
what is the name of a teen pop album	teen pop
who is an author born in charlottesville , virginia	charlottesville , virginia
what is a building that has colonial revival architecture	colonial revival architecture
the track up all night is from what release	up all night
name a video game developed under acclaim studios austin	acclaim studios austin
what kind of show is the dick cavett show	the dick cavett show
which drug is glyoxal an active ingredient in ?	glyoxal
who was the writer of the movie bloodlust !	bloodlust !
where is university of hull scarborough campus located ?	university of hull scarborough campus
what is the name of an art gallery ?	art gallery
who wrote the story for the movie reefer madness	reefer madness
what is a piece that maya kulenovic created ?	maya kulenovic
what is the genre classification of vossoff and nimmitz	vossoff and nimmitz
what musical composition was written by henri auguste barbier	henri auguste barbier
what genre is manhattan gigolo in on netflix ?	manhattan gigolo
whats the genre of the album east side story	east side story
what type of film is he she we ?	he she we
is sara nesteruk a notable film director or veterinarian	sara nesteruk
who is an artist that makes soul music ?	soul music
what is a church in frankfurt ( oder )	frankfurt ( oder )
what is an architecture firm that made chateau laurier	chateau laurier
who 's the executive producer on locke & key	locke & key
which organization is a part of criticisms of globalization	criticisms of globalization
what is ellen feld a notable example of ?	ellen feld
which 1969 albums were released as a ballad ?	ballad
what is the release track on knock on wood	knock on wood
a musical group member bappa mazumder plays what instrument	bappa mazumder
what is a live album released in new york	live album
who is the musician that created red headed stranger	red headed stranger
in what language is the composition set it off	set it off
what is a song featured on smoke in chinatown	smoke in chinatown
which sport took place in the 1908 summer olympics	1908 summer olympics
what was joseph a. mcphillips iii 's profession ?	joseph a. mcphillips iii
what kind of book is visual of a diary	visual of a diary
what are some examples of a broadcasting company ?	broadcasting
what kind of food is compatible with veganism ?	veganism
which album does the recording brazil belong to ?	brazil
what is the original country of vernon god little	vernon god little
which city in china is the waibaidu bridge in	waibaidu bridge
what was the gender of tanburi cemil bey ?	tanburi cemil bey
what genre is the film ich wollte nicht töten	ich wollte nicht töten
what martial art does esteban de jesús specialize in	esteban de jesús
who is the artist for the artwork onion halved	onion halved
what kind of gas does a nitrogen fixation produce	nitrogen fixation
what city in italy did arnolfo di cambio die	arnolfo di cambio
what kind of film is the erotic mirror ?	the erotic mirror
what is being with you a notable type of	being with you
what 's a pop music album featuring boney m	pop music
where is carousel beauty college , springfield located ?	carousel beauty college , springfield
what album was produce by heavy metal brazilian vocalist	heavy metal
of which subject is written in the collected stories	collected stories
whats the name of an album by alan menken	alan menken
what genre is the book showdown at centerpoint ?	showdown at centerpoint
what is the genre of fairy of the chalice	fairy of the chalice
who is the author of stalking the blue-eyed scallop	stalking the blue-eyed scallop
what industry is yonhap news agency a part of	yonhap news agency
what kind of music did nona hendryx make ?	nona hendryx
in what era did the philosopher cornelius castoriadis exist	cornelius castoriadis
what was daniel parke 's place of birth ?	daniel parke
where did carlos i. degregori 's mother give birth	carlos i. degregori
what is the function of stanley park stadium ?	stanley park stadium
what country was now ! 4 released in ?	now ! 4
what is hotel indigo hong kong island used for	hotel indigo hong kong island
what is a white-bellied sea eagle 's organism classification	white-bellied sea eagle
who is a military leader born in kangaroo point	kangaroo point
is georgetown university forum broadcast in english or spanish	georgetown university forum
which position did sung han-soo play for football ?	sung han-soo
which state is the city of kapahi inside of	kapahi
what is the name of a dance-pop album ?	dance-pop
which mountain range does bernese alps belong to ?	bernese alps
what kind of video game is super cars ii	super cars ii
where in australia was chris oliver born in ?	chris oliver
which system is ( 5856 ) 1994 al2 in	( 5856 ) 1994 al2
what is a radio station that plays bobby v	bobby v
what is a body of work by sean delaney	sean delaney
what is the recording from the track miles ?	miles
where was another kind of blues released first ?	another kind of blues
which fear factory album was released in 2004 ?	fear factory
what is the subject of title boxing club edmond	title boxing club edmond
what is a drug that comes in a tablet	tablet
what is a city in yolo county , california	yolo county
who is a retired african american basketball payer ?	african american
what record label do the osborne brothers belong to	the osborne brothers
an example of a post-punk album is what ?	post-punk
what 's a planetary system in the solar system	solar system
which genre does the artist ensemble mik nawooj performs	ensemble mik nawooj
who composed ooh la la ( goldfrapp song )	ooh la la
who was involved in the battle of cedar creek	battle of cedar creek
which artist recorded the song dilemma [ explicit ]	dilemma [ explicit ]
what is a comedy show featured on bbc one	comedy
what album does the title track newfoundland come from	newfoundland
what is an organization within the horse racing sector	horse racing
what is michael steven bublé 's 2003 album called	michael steven bublé
what sort of rock does smile empty soul perform	smile empty soul
what type of music do the weather girls create	the weather girls
where in new mexico are there ufo sightings ?	new mexico
what kind of film is algie the miner ?	algie the miner
what is a song off the in time album	in time
which designated minority resides in huanren manchu autonomous county	huanren manchu autonomous county
what is a release off the recording titled armageddon	armageddon
which film was frank helmer the costume designer for	frank helmer
where was anton von hohberg und buchwald born ?	anton von hohberg und buchwald
who composed the song the hearts filthy lesson ?	the hearts filthy lesson
what state in india is taki government college found	taki government college
what is a song by star sounds orchestra ?	star sounds orchestra
the tv episode india was apart of what season	india
what kind of celestial object is 91907 shiho ?	91907 shiho
which county is whitley heights , los angeles in	whitley heights , los angeles
name a video game in the sports game genre	sports game
who is the film casting director of strange wilderness	strange wilderness
what was the cause of vicente rondón 's death	vicente rondón
where did h2o : just add water come from	h2o : just add water
what was harry chauvel 's son 's name ?	harry chauvel
in what city of suriname was chinyere pigot born	chinyere pigot
what team played in the 1979 cricket world cup	1979 cricket world cup
what kind of album is calling my children home	calling my children home
which country is federal dependencies of venezuela based in	federal dependencies of venezuela
which format was a ghost is born released in	a ghost is born
what type of education institution is silverton high school	silverton high school
which country was diogo antunes de oliveira born in	diogo antunes de oliveira
who is the artist in the recording fine ?	fine
what type of release is east meets east ?	east meets east
what type of body style is the alvis 12/70	alvis 12/70
what is a structure designed by jacques herzog ?	jacques herzog
who was a fictional character that experienced a miscarriage	miscarriage
what genre of music is fear of music ?	fear of music
what netflix genre is blue moon rising in ?	blue moon rising
what is the shutter speed on a sigma sd14	sigma sd14
what kind of movie is roses in december ?	roses in december
what song is skunk anansie a producer on ?	skunk anansie
what is the title of a heist film ?	heist film
who was an actor that was born in geneva	geneva
what music genre does this time fall under ?	this time
what are the colors of olympia high school ?	olympia high school
what is a game developed by next level games	next level games
what family was patrick bouvier kennedy a member of	patrick bouvier kennedy
what is the subject of the tv program rifftrax	rifftrax
what is the media for the deluge artwork ?	the deluge
in which city and state was antonio fenelus born	antonio fenelus
which tracks are covered in the recording moonwalker ?	moonwalker
who was the publisher for the book edition history	history
in which country was the amy & isabelle filmed	amy & isabelle
what netflix genre does trembling before g-d belong to	trembling before g-d
what genre of music is kylie minogue known for	kylie minogue
who was jumper ( film ) written by ?	jumper
where was the place of birth of nate parker	nate parker
what position did koa misi play in football ?	koa misi
what type of service does scottish widows provide ?	scottish widows
what sort of music do the the mercurymen play	the mercurymen
what drug contains magnesium chloride as the active ingredient	magnesium chloride
who 's a football player born in banja luka	banja luka
what tv series has an episode called dear john	dear john
what recording includes the track do n't look down	do n't look down
in what topic gallery does the image vasculitis in	vasculitis
what language was used in the tv program citykids	citykids
what types of music is used by heavy winged	heavy winged
what language is on the wrong trek in ?	on the wrong trek
what is the gender of florence elsie ellis ?	florence elsie ellis
which song tracks are in the album brazil ?	brazil
what film was terry o. morse the editor for	terry o. morse
what was the subject of a history of terrorism	a history of terrorism
what country is the tv show ameríski draumurinn from	ameríski draumurinn
where did the tv show city of angels originate	city of angels
what type of film is reaching for the moon	reaching for the moon
what position does stavros georgiou play in soccer ?	stavros georgiou
who is the author of the vote hezbollah album	vote hezbollah
which school is on the hibbing community college campus	hibbing community college
in what country was jump in ! filmed in	jump in !
what is the genre of the artist lola yoʻldosheva	lola yoʻldosheva
where is the place of birth of nodar gabunia	nodar gabunia
what genre of music is blue sky noise considered	blue sky noise
who wrote the story for the film moebius ?	moebius
what is the gameplay mode of madden football 64	madden football 64
what kind of release is the christmas collection ?	the christmas collection
what genre is strange wilderness in on netflix ?	strange wilderness
which city was john frenchie berger born in ?	frenchie berger
what is the track list of go 2 ?	go 2
what classification of music is blue eyed blues ?	blue eyed blues
who is an associated author of decadent movement ?	decadent movement
what language is derived from the chintang language ?	chintang language
what film was robert j. flaherty the producer of	robert j. flaherty
what is a film in the lethal weapon series	lethal weapon
what kind of album is minus ten and counting	minus ten and counting
what film festival featured the film a christmas tale	a christmas tale
which position did gene hermanski play during his career	gene hermanski
what was written in the face of a stranger	the face of a stranger
stereophonics is a part of what radio broadcast ?	stereophonics
who is a person with the profession film producer	film producer
who is the author of ravens in the storm	ravens in the storm
where did giovanni arrighi fall into the big sleep	giovanni arrighi
what is the name of a jam band album	jam band
where in california , did fred abbott die ?	fred abbott
what 's the name of an african american athlete	african american
what is an example of an indie film ?	indie film
which artist made sonny stitt bud powell j.j. johnson	sonny stitt bud powell j.j. johnson
what language is house by the river composed in	house by the river
who was the film casting director for the frighteners	the frighteners
in which zip code is home insurance building ?	home insurance building
what type of music does gustav ejstes play ?	gustav ejstes
who is the author of the book the golden	the golden
is josé figueroa alcorta from argentina or costa rica	josé figueroa alcorta
what lake is located in the pacific time zone	pacific time zone
is james mccudden from the united kingdom or france	james mccudden
which queen band member composed the song liar ?	liar
which horse was bred by the breeder paul mellon	paul mellon
what kind of game is microsoft international soccer 2000	microsoft international soccer 2000
which subject is the topic title boxing club thornton	title boxing club thornton
the platinum collection is what type of album ?	the platinum collection
what type of movie is legend of the witches	legend of the witches
what is a movie written by robert c. cooper	robert c. cooper
where is the mouth of the pelly river ?	pelly river
name a location in the central european time zone	central european time zone
what disease comes from a high sodium diet ?	high sodium diet
what airlines operate at shenzhen bao'an international airport ?	shenzhen bao'an international airport
where was the discovery of 4064 marjorie made ?	4064 marjorie
what is the third album by the cult ?	the cult
what type of school is urban prep academies ?	urban prep academies
what kind of music does the the fireballs play	the fireballs
what is the name of the composer of heather	heather
what is the release of the song solar system	solar system
who was the director of identification marks : none	identification marks : none
which song is a recording of ave maria ?	ave maria
what kind of novel is the demon headmaster ?	the demon headmaster
what is the title of a research book ?	research
name a book focused on the subject of adventure	adventure
which district is sariska tiger reserve contained by ?	sariska tiger reserve
what is a well known song by todd snider	todd snider
in what city does eastern air lines operate ?	eastern air lines
who wrote the tv episode forever free : 1862	forever free : 1862
which language was used in seven women for satan	seven women for satan
what is the legal structure of mah sing group	mah sing group
name a studio album by a german band .	studio album
where is fayetteville , nc metropolitan statistical area located	fayetteville , nc metropolitan statistical area
name an artist on the nuclear blast record label	nuclear blast
what nationality is roger a. pielke , jr. ?	roger a. pielke , jr.
who was the author of el gran granero rojo	el gran granero rojo
what language is zoraida di granata performed in ?	zoraida di granata
what type of release is consider the birds ?	consider the birds
which crime fiction film was released in 1990 ?	crime fiction
what is a version of the single congo ?	congo
what book did the publishing company heinemann publish ?	heinemann
what language is spoken in the art of seduction	the art of seduction
what is a track made by the sherman brothers	sherman brothers
what style of music does chris and conrad play	chris and conrad
what nation does constance grewe claim nationality from ?	constance grewe
what 's an album featuring patsy cline 's music	patsy cline
what is joe dimaggio done it again called ?	joe dimaggio done it again
what was alexander john cuza 's place of death	alexander john cuza
where was piano concerto no.9 in e-flat major composed	piano concerto no.9 in e-flat major
what is the genre of the film june r	june r
what type of music does the nervous return play	the nervous return
what book can be used as a reference ?	reference
which form was the fine art of murder released	the fine art of murder
what country is saint john parish located in ?	saint john parish
what albums are by the artist wisin y yandel	wisin y yandel
what was the release type of hits of santana	hits of santana
what is a drug that is an intramuscular injection	intramuscular injection
what 's a track on mouth of me ?	mouth of me
what kinds of music is the complete duke recordings	the complete duke recordings
what film genre is the madwoman of chaillot ?	the madwoman of chaillot
what fictional character is created by bernard cornwell ?	bernard cornwell
is carmageddon ii : carpocalypse now single-player or multi-player	carmageddon ii : carpocalypse now
what are the names of games published by sega	sega
mccausland is a part of what time zone ?	mccausland
what type of album is live on breeze hill	live on breeze hill
who was the author of dune ( novel )	dune
what country was the film fargo created in ?	fargo
what 's a book that deals with international relations	international relations
what was a battle during world war ii ?	world war ii
what is max webster a notable example of ?	max webster
disappearing acts is a version of what book ?	disappearing acts
what country is the film american teen from ?	american teen
what book is julius caesar an edition of ?	julius caesar
name a album from the video game music genre	video game music
whats the name of the airports on wallops island	wallops island
what company published the game black & white 2	black & white 2
what is one of the ingredients in gin fizz	gin fizz
what track did the artist friend 'n fellow make	friend 'n fellow
what kind of music is on damiera ep ?	damiera ep
who is the artist that released collector 's edition	collector 's edition
what is a release from the recording breathe ?	breathe
who is a person that died from myocardial infarction	myocardial infarction
what country was the woman who did filmed in	the woman who did
what is the cause of death classification for drowning	drowning
what is genre is the film the lighthouse ?	the lighthouse
where is the location of lightning ridge airport ?	lightning ridge airport
which us representative was born in ireton , iowa	ireton , iowa
what tracks have been released by robert armani ?	robert armani
which tracks are listed in the album bobby ?	bobby
which track was in the release live in paris	live in paris
is the eye of the world paperback or hardcover	the eye of the world
which languages were available in the film damul ?	damul
which war did george francis robert henderson participate in	george francis robert henderson
what continent can the lowline cattle be found on	lowline cattle
what position does robert newhouse play in american football	robert newhouse
which us state is eric don 's birthplace ?	eric don
what is a track from the release lost ?	lost
what record label released the album tongue in groove	tongue in groove
what city in texas was john gholson born in	john gholson
what genre is the film grand theft parsons ?	grand theft parsons
where in northern california did e. otis charles die	e. otis charles
what is a company in the financial services industry	financial services
what composition did yoshiki ( musician ) compose ?	yoshiki
which language is primarily spoken in hoochie coochie man	hoochie coochie man
what type of book is angel fire east ?	angel fire east
who was the football player interred in hamburg ?	hamburg
who is a well known practitioner of boxing ?	boxing
what book genre is day and night stories ?	day and night stories
what kind of game is ski or die ?	ski or die
what is the release from the track california ?	california
what is eliza ngo 's country of nationality ?	eliza ngo
8266 bertelli is what type of celestial object ?	8266 bertelli
what is the timbuktu and the songhay empire about	timbuktu and the songhay empire
which netflix genre does alice in wonderland fit under	alice in wonderland
what kind of play is the distance from here	the distance from here
what kind of building is duluth public library ?	duluth public library
what is an entity found in the solar system	solar system
how is the book the stand bounded as ?	the stand
what type of book is the good companions ?	the good companions
who was the cinematographer for the film david shawl	david shawl
what beach is in san mateo county , california	san mateo county , california
which south asian country is rangili filmed in ?	rangili
name a film that neal hefti contributed music to	neal hefti
what movie did nick gottschalk provide art direction for	nick gottschalk
what is the name of a strategy video game	strategy video game
which specific kind of rock is on dead man	dead man
which city can be found in the united states	united states
what 's a song on the album let go	let go
what type of film is name of the rose	name of the rose
what service does 880 - windsor school specials provide	880 - windsor school specials
what kind of music does fusion radio chicago broadcast	fusion radio chicago
which albums did the artist johnny burnette create ?	johnny burnette
in what form is the composition license to kill	license to kill
what type of school is all hallows high school	all hallows high school
what county was named for john m. berrien ?	john m. berrien
name a film classified as a biographical film .	biographical film
what type of object is 6304 josephus flavius ?	6304 josephus flavius
what form of art does giuseppe marchesi produce ?	giuseppe marchesi
what is a recording with the release track okuma	okuma
what 's one of the episodes of dr. danger	dr. danger
what is a game that ubisoft montreal has developed	ubisoft montreal
what religion does princess alexandra of hanover practice ?	princess alexandra of hanover
what is the title track from the recording lsd	lsd
what sort of book is st. therese of lisieux	st. therese of lisieux
what is the supporting artist of japanese singer miyavi	miyavi
which console was the song cold war made for	cold war
prisoners of hope is what type of film ?	prisoners of hope
which release is from the recording dear john ?	dear john
what is an album given by the cave singers	the cave singers
what does gregory goodman do for a living ?	gregory goodman
what rides have been made by mack rides ?	mack rides
what kinds of tv program is the ghost hunter	the ghost hunter
what is the nationality of someone from dorville ?	dorville
who was the composer of the marriage of figaro	the marriage of figaro
who was the lyricist of love is for me	love is for me
whos someone who has died of a myocardial infarction	myocardial infarction
name a famous financier born in sacramento , california	sacramento , california
where was hungarian football player andrás gárdos born ?	andrás gárdos
what is the time zone of twisp , washington	twisp , washington
where did battle of sullivan 's island happen ?	battle of sullivan 's island
what asteroid was discovered on march 16 , 1977	asteroid
what is the binding on a reporter for lincoln	a reporter for lincoln
what is the place of birth of estanislao zuleta	estanislao zuleta
where was marc batta 's place of birth ?	marc batta
name a university that has alpha kappa alpha .	alpha kappa alpha
who operates the fairfield inn & suites austin northwest/arboretum	fairfield inn & suites austin northwest/arboretum
which instrumentalist played the bugle ( instrument ) ?	bugle
what kind of music is the feeling known for	the feeling
what kind of cuisine is served at fosters freeze	fosters freeze
what is the release track on paid in full	paid in full
which genre of music is the album inolvidable ?	inolvidable
which british series did christopher lee participate in ?	christopher lee
what is the administered route for triclosan 0.005 soap	triclosan 0.005 soap
in what district is the wolf river located ?	wolf river
what kind of film is thru the moebius strip	thru the moebius strip
what is the genre of the movie the musketeer	the musketeer
where was the burial place of longqing emperor ?	longqing emperor
what is a planetary system within the solar system	solar system
what is the name of a 1990 romantic comedy	romantic comedy
what types of tv program is secret agent man	secret agent man
what 's a football team in sao paulo ?	sao paulo
what family is malia ann obama a part of	malia ann obama
what type of book is the company of women	the company of women
who did the costume design for star spangled rhythm	star spangled rhythm
where did maria julieta drummond de andrade pass away	maria julieta drummond de andrade
who wrote the song i dug up a diamond	i dug up a diamond
what film about steven prince did martin scorsese direct	martin scorsese
what platform can you play mask two two ?	mask two two
who was roger zelazny a great influence upon ?	roger zelazny
what position does dick mcbride play in baseball ?	dick mcbride
what was the recording for the composition 50/50 ?	50/50
what is the original language of the concubine ?	the concubine
which film story did tony diterlizzi contribute to ?	tony diterlizzi
who was the writer for the film the terminal	the terminal
what type of publication is the north coast journal	north coast journal
which time zone is used in cockeysville , maryland	cockeysville , maryland
which 1976 comedy film did phillip adams produce ?	phillip adams
what is the active moiety of the drug entacapone	entacapone
the love story recording is part of what album	love story
what film is the soundtrack summer catch from ?	summer catch
which material is self-portrait by french symbolist painted on	self-portrait
what kind of album is dark was the night	dark was the night
which country did the show brooklyn bridge come from	brooklyn bridge
which country is the film at full gallop from	at full gallop
what is the musical album above 's genre ?	above
what format was the holiday collection released on ?	the holiday collection
what is the color of holy rosary high school	holy rosary high school
who helped produce the film strangers with candy ?	strangers with candy
what sites do united states forest service protect ?	united states forest service
which scottish family was involved in the stuart period	stuart period
what 's the name of a heavy metal album	heavy metal
what is a jazz album recorded in 1966 ?	jazz
what is the subject of the book lowboy ?	lowboy
which genre of book is the parafaith war ?	the parafaith war
what was the place of birth of hiroyuki takami	hiroyuki takami
what is the genre of the book called hothouse	hothouse
what genre did the artist in dread response perform	in dread response
who is the producer of the empire strikes first	the empire strikes first
whats an active moiety in the drug hydroquinone/dioxybenzone/oxybenzone/padimate o	hydroquinone/dioxybenzone/oxybenzone/padimate o
where in england was angela c. smith born ?	angela c. smith
what genre of music did cordell crockett play ?	cordell crockett
what towns are in kingdom of the netherlands ?	kingdom of the netherlands
what country is pico de las cabras in ?	pico de las cabras
what belgian player plays as a defender in football	defender
which 2007 comedy film did robert pulcini directed ?	robert pulcini
who is the artist that recorded waiting to dance	waiting to dance
what language is waking up in reno in ?	waking up in reno
what is a track by artist damien rice ?	damien rice
what albums have been released by humble pie ?	humble pie
what is a transit found on the oc transpo	oc transpo
who was a person that was born in suffolk	suffolk
what animal provides the milk to make pecorino romano	pecorino romano
what was the genre of the film mrs. fitzherbert	mrs. fitzherbert
what is the genre that the artist militia creates	militia
what is charles pearson , lord pearson known as	charles pearson , lord pearson
which movie is produced by k. s. rama rao	k. s. rama rao
what was the cause of death of pierre delanoë	pierre delanoë
who was the author of the startide rising novel	startide rising
where was louis philippe , comte de ségur born	louis philippe , comte de ségur
what kind of music is entren los que quieran	entren los que quieran
what military government got its name from tokugawa ieyasu	tokugawa ieyasu
what type of country is b. j. thomas from	b. j. thomas
what form is the wise men composed in ?	the wise men
who is the founder of the hess corporation ?	hess corporation
what position did everson arantes de oliveira play ?	everson arantes de oliveira
what kind of school is international university , cambodia	international university , cambodia
what language is used in the film love trap	love trap
what 's a track written by har mar superstar	har mar superstar
what city was george h. lindsay born in ?	george h. lindsay
what netflix genre is panther a part of ?	panther
which genre is ebola syndrome located in on netflix	ebola syndrome
which kind of music does the sons play ?	the sons
who is the child of newton n. minow ?	newton n. minow
is power and freedom a studio or live album	power and freedom
what type of release is la nave del olvido	la nave del olvido
what is the active ingredient in common carp ?	common carp
who was the executive producer on the movie looper	looper
which state in america is contained by eel township	eel township
what kind of genre is a live one ?	a live one
what something to see near the kirishima-yaku national park	kirishima-yaku national park
which basin countries does the redea river flow through	redea river
what city in westchester county is brian sweeney from	brian sweeney
what type of species is the fictional character blaquesmith	blaquesmith
what type of book is the point of view	the point of view
what kind of music does guy picciotto make ?	guy picciotto
what was the cause of death of dave smalley	dave smalley
what country is the banjar regency a part of	banjar regency
who authored the book song of the flame ?	song of the flame
what kind of computer videogame is zone 66 ?	zone 66
what kind of drug is apricot 50 injectable solution	apricot 50 injectable solution
what 's a mobile home park in maine ?	maine
which tracks are listed in the album sacramento ?	sacramento
in which country was sunny down snuff released ?	sunny down snuff
what is a 1997 album by ella fitzgerald ?	album
what type of program is seven little australians ?	seven little australians
what book on the subject of the 20th century	20th century
what language is spoken in the movie lamhaa ?	lamhaa
what art period was jacopo ligozzi active in ?	jacopo ligozzi
what kind of tv program is 26 men ?	26 men
what is the gender of sidney edwards morse ?	sidney edwards morse
what is a film executive produced by rakesh roshan	rakesh roshan
what 's a high school in taylor , michigan	high school
what genre is the book the seven storey mountain	the seven storey mountain
what did mohammad akram nadwi do for a living	mohammad akram nadwi
what is and then there were none 's album	and then there were none
what is the famous musician from a golden celebration	a golden celebration
what kind of music does busi mhlongo play ?	busi mhlongo
what is west highland white terrier a type of	west highland white terrier
what kind of school is delsea regional high school	delsea regional high school
damon albarn wrote the lyrics for what song ?	damon albarn
what gaming platform is madden nfl 08 available on	madden nfl 08
what type of genre is i dood it ?	i dood it
what fictional universe is coffee a go-go set in	coffee a go-go
what is the legal status of chloroxylenol 0.033 solution	chloroxylenol 0.033 solution
where was jerry polen 's place of birth ?	jerry polen
who wrote the episode red hot catholic love ?	red hot catholic love
what platform is used for the game switchblade ?	switchblade
what is the genre of the artist oliver mandić	oliver mandić
what is the debut album of john mayer ?	album
what album was done by the artist sworn enemy	sworn enemy
what is the peter friedrich bouché 's sex ?	peter friedrich bouché
which title falls under the thriller ( genre )	thriller
what language is spoken in stranger on horseback ?	stranger on horseback
who is the artist behind nothing comes for free	nothing comes for free
which tracks are listed in the saturnalia release ?	saturnalia
what is the name of the soundtrack of frauds	frauds
what is a second level division of germany ?	germany
former baseball player hank fischer played which position ?	hank fischer
what is the subject of blue guide albania ?	blue guide albania
which browns football player was born in west caldwell	west caldwell
what language was i am the architect filmed in	i am the architect
what is a version of the cvg dark castle	dark castle
which netherlands city was andries bicker born in ?	andries bicker
what is the name of a pop music artist	pop music
what state is blue mountain ( pennsylvania ) in	blue mountain
in what format is line connection aim album presented	line connection aim
what language is spoken in when beckham met owen	when beckham met owen
what is the shape of the cytomel 50 tablet	cytomel 50 tablet
who is the publisher of the kite runner ?	the kite runner
which albums contain the song count on me ?	count on me
what genre of film is by the sea ?	by the sea
who produced the film the call of the canyon	the call of the canyon
what kind of film is tonight we sing ?	tonight we sing
what sector is the organization foundation fighting blindness ?	foundation fighting blindness
where was elden kingston found to have died ?	elden kingston
the movie helen is a product of which country	helen
which country does alejandro zielinsky gaglione have nationality in	alejandro zielinsky gaglione
what is echinacea angustifolia an active ingredient in ?	echinacea angustifolia
which film did harris jayaraj do the music for	harris jayaraj
what is roddy maude-roxby 's country of nationality ?	roddy maude-roxby
which albums contain the track o holy night ?	o holy night
what genre of music is the great silver eye	the great silver eye
which politician was born in victoria , british columbia	victoria , british columbia
which category does g.i. joe : retaliation fall into	g.i. joe : retaliation
what was the release type of the album cutterpillow	cutterpillow
what language is in the film the shower ?	the shower
whats the name of a railways station in plymouth	plymouth
what is an example of a fiction book ?	fiction
who is a member of the mean street posse	the mean street posse
which type of museum is the eisenhower presidential center	eisenhower presidential center
which language is spoken in gonin 2 in netflix	gonin 2
is paradoxes an audio cassette or a compact disc	paradoxes
what is a conflict dennis elwell participated in ?	dennis elwell
what track is in the recording dear john ?	dear john
where was franklin and the green knight made ?	franklin and the green knight
what kind of film is snowfall in taipei ?	snowfall in taipei
what german city did heinz oskar wuttig die in	heinz oskar wuttig
what is the color of san jacinto college ?	san jacinto college
what 's the soundtrack from the movie i robot	soundtrack
name a person with the profession of impresario .	impresario
what 's the taxonomic rank of the house finch	house finch
what kinds of album is the best of mendelssohn	the best of mendelssohn
what part of the world was jerusalem released in	jerusalem
what 's a book that deals with death ?	death
which area can be found in madison , wisconsin	madison , wisconsin
what is a zip code in cleveland , ohio	cleveland , ohio
what is a group within the mandarin chinese language	mandarin chinese
who is the composer in billy elliot the musical	billy elliot the musical
what label is afrika baby bam affiliated with ?	afrika baby bam
what is the name of a bootleg recording album	bootleg recording
what is the color of a nicotine 4 lozenge	nicotine 4 lozenge
what major cities does alberta highway 49 run through	alberta highway 49
what is a film in the romance film genre	romance film
which track was in the release best of taste	best of taste
what kind of film is the tomb of ligeia	the tomb of ligeia
which state is virginia 's 10th congressional district in	virginia 's 10th congressional district
what independent movies can be found on netflix ?	independent movies
what does sara kugelmass do for a living ?	sara kugelmass
who was the composer of the song pop that	pop that
what baseball player was born in san francisco ?	san francisco
what is the topic of the nature of consciousness	the nature of consciousness
what is the sex of hubert renfro knickerbocker ?	hubert renfro knickerbocker
what kind of music is wings of the morning	wings of the morning
what is a song from o holy night album	o holy night
what style of film is four lane highway ?	four lane highway
what is an example of a death metal artist	death metal
who did the costume for sylvia and the ghost	sylvia and the ghost
what games have been published by electronic arts ?	electronic arts
what type of music is featured on las consecuencias	las consecuencias
what star system does 13760 rodriguez belong to ?	13760 rodriguez
what is the biological gender of gianni solaro ?	gianni solaro
what is christian pena 's place of birth ?	christian pena
which world conflict did gustav gihr participate in ?	gustav gihr
what tittle is played in the marriage of figaro	the marriage of figaro
name an album from the contemporary christian music genre	contemporary christian music
what is the classification of salve regina university ?	salve regina university
what album did the runaways release in 1987 ?	album
what color does a metolazone 2.5 tablet come in	metolazone 2.5 tablet
which movie is classified as a thriller on netflix	thriller
what genre of book is john halifax , gentleman	john halifax , gentleman
what is the release format of sweet noodle pop	sweet noodle pop
what genre of book is the siren song ?	the siren song
who was the cinematographer for the film peter robertson	peter robertson
what was creedence clearwater revival 's self titled album	creedence clearwater revival
what 's an example of a baseball pitcher ?	pitcher
who was the author for garth of izar ?	garth of izar
which instrument did muddy manninen play in the band	muddy manninen
what is a release of the recording montana ?	montana
what type of institution is fremont-elizabeth city high school	fremont-elizabeth city high school
what is the parent disease of benign prostatic hyperplasia	benign prostatic hyperplasia
what is a film in the musical film genre	musical
what type of work is bobby cattage famous for	bobby cattage
name an author on the book edition peekskill usa	peekskill usa
name a city located in the united states .	united states
what is an entity of 2011 delhi bombing ?	2011 delhi bombing
what type of electronic music does il genio play	il genio
what track came from the release aguas da amazonia	aguas da amazonia
which netflix genre does into thin air affiliate with	into thin air
what genre does the book love bites belong to	love bites
what language family is rotuman language grouped with ?	rotuman language
what book is published by eric jerome dickey ?	eric jerome dickey
what types of music is played by mad max	mad max
what kind of book is the scarab murder case	the scarab murder case
what language do the characters use in marie galante	marie galante
which middle eastern city was ajaz khan born in	ajaz khan
where was the battle of lake george located ?	battle of lake george
which city did aimar-charles-marie de nicolaï die in ?	aimar-charles-marie de nicolaï
what track was released on the recording gang bang	gang bang
which release contains the track get a job ?	get a job
what type of music genre is boi akih ?	boi akih
what king of educational institution is feather river college	feather river college
who is the producer from the recording scar tissue	scar tissue
which northern country was osborne colson born in ?	osborne colson
what is the second level division of envira ?	envira
name a reservoir located in on the colorado river	reservoir
what is the music form of street of dreams	street of dreams
where did the japanese occupation of attu take place	japanese occupation of attu
which genre is the album 2nd time around in	2nd time around
where can ( 9926 ) 1981 eu41 be found	( 9926 ) 1981 eu41
what is a radio station that plays country ?	country
who did the cinematography for the film like crazy	like crazy
what is the school type of linden-mckinley high school	linden-mckinley high school
what album is by the artist dwight yoakam ?	dwight yoakam
which country is the revolutionary workers ' party from	revolutionary workers ' party
what genre does scotched in scotland fall under ?	scotched in scotland
what is the country of origin of the crusader	the crusader
what kind of celestial object is 4625 shchedrin ?	4625 shchedrin
what type of music is 3614 jackson highway ?	3614 jackson highway
what kind of music is griffin anthony associated with	griffin anthony
who in the world directed luke , patient provider	luke , patient provider
what is type of album is four piano blues	four piano blues
what is the name of a short film ?	short film
what was the cause of ludovic kennedy 's death	ludovic kennedy
good night is a recording of what song ?	good night
who is the founder of westminster theological seminary ?	westminster theological seminary
what is a track by the new york philharmonic	new york philharmonic
what is willingboro township , new jersey known as	willingboro township , new jersey
who was the director for the film nevada ?	nevada
what type of organism is a mystery giver ?	mystery giver
what language is on negro colleges in war time	negro colleges in war time
what was the book ladies of letters.com written about	ladies of letters.com
what 's an example of an escarpment near kinver	escarpment
what is ernst zundel known for in entertainment ?	ernst zundel
what genre of music is a garage dayz nite	a garage dayz nite
what time zone is idlewild and soak zone in	idlewild and soak zone
what songs did chris isaak write the lyrics for	chris isaak
what is a risk factor for myocardial ischemia ?	myocardial ischemia
name a netflix title from the eastern europe genre	eastern europe
what type of album is mujhe kuch kehna hai	mujhe kuch kehna hai
what is a track from just squeeze me ?	just squeeze me
in which language is grendel ( novel ) written	grendel
what food can you eat on a vegetarian cuisine	vegetarian cuisine
is biggest hits a compilation album or a soundtrack	biggest hits
what film genre is `` endless night '' ?	endless night
what artist is on the mercury records label ?	mercury records
what sport was played at the 1932 summer olympics	1932 summer olympics
what was the genre of the film gen-x cops	gen-x cops
what is the genre of since otar left ?	since otar left
what band has solace as their second album ?	solace
what kind of show is the voice van vlaanderen	the voice van vlaanderen
what is a location located in eastern daylight time	eastern daylight time
what kind of album is next of kin ?	next of kin
which country was 500 % more man released in	500 % more man
the film raja gopichand : gujarati is located where	raja gopichand : gujarati
what north american country was kyle gass born into	kyle gass
who was the founder for university of western ontario	university of western ontario
where was the we have you surrounded album released	we have you surrounded
what track was released by better things to do	better things to do
which country did the film lawless heart originate in	lawless heart
what is the name of a short film ?	short film
what is laurence malkin a notable example of ?	laurence malkin
what is an artist who makes pop music ?	pop music
what is a town in the united kingdom ?	united kingdom
what language do the actors speak in the angelmakers	the angelmakers
what film is by the company orion pictures ?	orion pictures
is out is through an album or a song	out is through
which position in baseball did doug adams play ?	doug adams
name a tv episode written by michael palin .	michael palin
what is a film set designed by henry grace	henry grace
who did the film set decoration of spy school	spy school
which documentary film was unfinished by orson welles ?	documentary film
what mission was ronald m. sega assigned to ?	ronald m. sega
what language is see a friend in tears in	see a friend in tears
which county is located in eastern daylight time ?	eastern daylight time
what kind of celestial object is 3786 yamada ?	3786 yamada
what genre of music does steve hogarth make ?	steve hogarth
what kind of music is featured in european legions	european legions
who is a famous filipino-british man born in england	england
what group is the ethnicity iranian peoples included in	iranian peoples
who sang on the song jenny from the block	jenny from the block
what type of school is wichita state university ?	wichita state university
what 's the subject discussed in style and music	style and music
who is a fictional character created by john carpenter	john carpenter
what kind of music is on the album docabilly	docabilly
what genre of music does 7eventh time down make	7eventh time down
what platform was tomb raider : legend on ?	tomb raider : legend
what kind of game is prince of persia 3d	prince of persia 3d
which album was leave me alone released in ?	leave me alone
what is the mouth of the panaro river ?	panaro river
what type of license does kde software compilation hold	kde software compilation
which male politician was born in new kensington ?	new kensington
what was the discovery site of 15663 periphas ?	15663 periphas
what color is rythmol sr 425 extended release capsule	rythmol sr 425 extended release capsule
what was the album that english was released in	english
what 's a film joseph mcginty nichol directed ?	joseph mcginty nichol
what 's the closest airport to canyonlands national park	canyonlands national park
what does meton of athens do for a living	meton of athens
what is rhodie cogan 's country of nationality ?	rhodie cogan
what genre of film is mr. baseball in ?	mr. baseball
who is the writer of the sanctuary tv episode	sanctuary
what was the place of death for john ogdon	john ogdon
who is someone notable who was born in england	england
which artist released the self-titled album warren zevon ?	warren zevon
what kind of music does andrew wood perform ?	andrew wood
what type of video game is mario party 4	mario party 4
what province would you find the city of afragola	afragola
what is a film that dublin was featured in	dublin
which region was the release dru hill released in	dru hill
what genre is the film verdi : otello ?	verdi : otello
what 's an example of a rock music album	rock music
name a film in the classics netflix genre .	classics
what is the language family of the mbula-bwazza language	mbula-bwazza language
which male author wrote the religion of java ?	the religion of java
what area was firecamp stories remixes released in ?	firecamp stories remixes
name a track done by the artist damon dash	damon dash
what is the genre of september of my years	september of my years
what language family does rajasthani language fall with ?	rajasthani language
which film did aamir khan write the screenplay for	aamir khan
which releases is loved ones and leaving in ?	loved ones and leaving
what artist is signed to warner music group ?	warner music group
san francisco is a release track from which album	san francisco
what does ( 15302 ) 1992 tj1 orbit ?	( 15302 ) 1992 tj1
what kind of book is the big over easy	the big over easy
which olympic game held men 's badminton , singles	men 's badminton , singles
what is the gender identity associated with raymond allen	raymond allen
what can one visit while in madison , wisconsin	madison , wisconsin
what 's a medication that actavis makes for children	actavis
what genre of film is the living ghost ?	the living ghost
what track is by the artist ultra naté ?	ultra naté
which european region is travellers beyond released in ?	travellers beyond
which country was involved in the battle of katzbach	battle of katzbach
what country is the music release smooth criminal from	smooth criminal
what is an example of a compilation album ?	compilation album
what films was nicolas roeg a cinematographer on ?	nicolas roeg
what is the name of a biography on netflix	biography
what is a title in the genre food stories	food stories
what color is represented by underdale high school ?	underdale high school
what is the release track on a lovely madness	a lovely madness
what was the place of death of bill stalker	bill stalker
what books have been written on human geography ?	human geography
what is the higher classification of tepary bean ?	tepary bean
what is the name of an alternative rock album	alternative rock
waiting to exhale is an edition of what book	waiting to exhale
what type of rock artist is the mae shi	the mae shi
what type of music is time fades away ?	time fades away
who is the artist from the lounge fly recording	lounge fly
which health company manufactures amiodarone hydrochloride 200 tablet ?	amiodarone hydrochloride 200 tablet
what was the release format of just say noël	just say noël
what album is a type of latin pop ?	latin pop
who is the production company for donald 's nephews	donald 's nephews
what is bleeding on probing a symptom of ?	bleeding on probing
all the way live is from which album release	all the way live
who produced jimmy buffett : live at wrigley field	jimmy buffett : live at wrigley field
what is an english indie rock band from kent	indie rock
what discovery was made by the la silla observatory	la silla observatory
what is the region that alchemy is released from	alchemy
what structure is found at vero beach , florida	vero beach , florida
kathleen detoro was the costume designer for this film	kathleen detoro
what is the genre of the artist the checks	the checks
who is a baseball player that plays pitcher ?	pitcher
what is the genre of the book supper time	supper time
what was the release type of crappy little demo	crappy little demo
what american writer created eva , ganz mein fall	eva , ganz mein fall
what is an example of a speculative fiction book	speculative fiction
what is an example of a single-player video game	single-player video game
what is a game published at microsoft studios ?	microsoft studios
what kind of music is on revolution per minute	revolution per minute
what musical group did marsha ambrosius compose for ?	marsha ambrosius
whats the name of the ethnicity of lydia mendoza	lydia mendoza
what films have been directed by ricky echolette ?	ricky echolette
what is the country that john brackstone claims nationality	john brackstone
what type of creative works has henry king written	henry king
what is marja habraken 's country of nationality ?	marja habraken
name a person who was born in kiev .	kiev
a film in the punk rock genre is ?	punk rock
who wrote the fall of the house of usher	the fall of the house of usher
what track did the artist the polyamorous affair record	the polyamorous affair
what is the supper of the lamb about ?	the supper of the lamb
what type of content does anderson cooper 360 address	anderson cooper 360
name a person who was born in stoke-on-trent .	stoke-on-trent
what region of the world was boston released in	boston
what genre of netflix is waking life in ?	waking life
what language is the black leather jacket in ?	the black leather jacket
the film battleground featured music by what artist ?	battleground
which film is considered to be a documentary film	documentary film
what is the birth place of gerson acevedo ?	gerson acevedo
which language is used in one hour with you	one hour with you
what kind of tv program is bbc newsline ?	bbc newsline
what is terbutaline sulfate 5 tablet considered to be	terbutaline sulfate 5 tablet
what is the title of a netflix horror film	horror film
what kind of film is for my wife ?	for my wife
who is the record label of the cro-magnons ?	the cro-magnons
which film did barry gray make the music for	barry gray
who is camp douglas ( chicago ) named after	camp douglas
what netflix genre does the title family fall under	family
what type of album is war requiem op. 66	war requiem op. 66
what is the film of the netflix genre france	france
what is the title of a compilation album ?	compilation album
what is the philadelphia eagles 's home stadium called	philadelphia eagles
what is used to treat vitamin b12 deficiency anemia	vitamin b12 deficiency anemia
which local area does the greer citizen circulate in	greer citizen
arkham house is the publisher behind what novel ?	arkham house
what type of film is to find a man	to find a man
who was the lyricist of the song realove ?	realove
what kind of celestial object is 1480 aunus ?	1480 aunus
what 's an episode from the series stargate sg-1	stargate sg-1
what is a yearly tourist attraction in daytona beach	daytona beach
which genre of music does the sohodolls perform ?	the sohodolls
what language is i love you to death ?	i love you to death
what show is set at william mckinley high school	william mckinley high school
what type of dance style does jaime ohm dance	jaime ohm
what is the administrative area type of kassel ?	kassel
what genre of computer vide games is mortal online	mortal online
which film festival was french california shown at ?	french california
is the last temptation a compact disc or dvd	the last temptation
what kind of book is farnsworth on contracts ?	farnsworth on contracts
what is the name of a popular romance film	romance film
what country was searching for debra winger filmed in	searching for debra winger
which netflix genre is 7th heaven apart of ?	7th heaven
what 's the subject of woe to live on	woe to live on
which bridge is located in navajo county , arizona	navajo county
which country is john denham ( politician ) from	john denham
which city and country was toni branca born in	toni branca
what genre of music is public image ltd ?	public image ltd
who recorded the track take me where you go	take me where you go
how was the magic touch : an anthology released	the magic touch : an anthology
what is an instrument that dominic howard plays ?	dominic howard
what language is the composition pony st. in ?	pony st.
what type of film is two town rowdy ?	two town rowdy
what is the name of an american football team	american football
who is an artist known for classical music ?	classical music
which time zones is texas city located in ?	texas city
ross medical education center-lansing is in which city ?	ross medical education center-lansing
what 's an artist on radioio roots of rock	radioio roots of rock
which city was located in calloway county , kentucky	calloway county
what is a song on the album cotton candy	cotton candy
what release type was the album time & chance	time & chance
what is the track list for simply acoustic ?	simply acoustic
what 's an exhibit showcased in the armory show	armory show
what album is by the artist doug stone ?	doug stone
what language is spoken in papa se volvio loco	papa se volvio loco
who was the producer for the film billy elliot	billy elliot
who is a musician that plays the keyboard ?	keyboard
what is fairlight , east sussex well known for	fairlight , east sussex
what 's a book that talks extensively about matriarchy	matriarchy
what is bill cooney 's position in baseball ?	bill cooney
what religion is chet edwards a part of ?	chet edwards
who wrote the film christopher columbus : the discovery	christopher columbus : the discovery
what film is an example of short film ?	short film
what is the name of a india state ?	india state
what country is guanica , puerto rico in ?	guanica , puerto rico
what 's an album made by the bloodhound gang	the bloodhound gang
what vehicle runs on the 041 - joyce station/crown/ubc	041 - joyce station/crown/ubc
what is the active ingredient of formulation in triclosan	triclosan
what is a language featured on the 40-year-old virgin	the 40-year-old virgin
who released the album a nightmare on elm street	a nightmare on elm street
what does walter f. george lake flow into ?	walter f. george lake
which 1967 short film features poverty in america ?	short film
what is the cause of death for andré génovès	andré génovès
what genre of music is skipping girl vinegar ?	skipping girl vinegar
what is the name of a hardcore punk album	hardcore punk
what film had anthony e. griffin as the cinematographer	anthony e. griffin
what types of music is the age of mastery	the age of mastery
what state is pete sessions a us representative for	pete sessions
was 12:01 released in the us or somewhere else	12:01
what language do the characters speak in mr. fix-it	mr. fix-it
who was the lyricist of the song falling down	falling down
which type of treatment was used for stye ?	stye
who did the film story credits for cornell woolrich	cornell woolrich
what was the original version of the recording busted	busted
someone i touched is a film under what genre	someone i touched
what genre of music is myriads known as ?	myriads
what album is in the heavy metal genre ?	heavy metal
what kind of geographical feature is pawtucket falls ?	pawtucket falls
what is a ship in the cargo ship class	cargo ship
what album was done by the artist the haunted	the haunted
what minor planet is known for orbiting the sun	the sun
what kind of format was eiffel 65 released in	eiffel 65
is hine 's tune a compact disc or dvd	hine 's tune
what type of music is gienek loska known for	gienek loska
what is the name of a well known painting	painting
what is the subjectof quilts from the civil war	quilts from the civil war
what is a diet that ricotta is incompatible with	ricotta
what is the title track from the christmas recording	christmas
what type of binding does man and boy have	man and boy
what is a release on the release track daybreak	daybreak
what is a game developed by oxygen studios ?	oxygen studios
which anime title has samurai champloo - season 1	samurai champloo - season 1
which position did mike anderson play in baseball ?	mike anderson
what track is found on the release buzz buzz	buzz buzz
what 's an example of a hard rock album	hard rock
which album was the track heavy metal released with	heavy metal
what is the genre of the album nightmoves ?	nightmoves
what 's a recorded version of the song avatar	avatar
what language was used in the film escarpment blues	escarpment blues
which company published mortal kombat : special forces ?	mortal kombat : special forces
which computer game is about world war ii ?	world war ii
who were the children of george herbert walker ?	george herbert walker
what is a title of a cold war film	cold war
name someone who is known for being a essayist	essayist
name a town in la paz county , arizona	la paz county
who is a character from the book sargasso plunder	sargasso plunder
what country was the film rest stop in ?	rest stop
what does ( 11205 ) 1999 fy28 orbit ?	( 11205 ) 1999 fy28
what is turkey by ekavi athanassopoulou an example of	turkey
who was the director of maisie goes to reno	maisie goes to reno
what language is spoken on the tv show futbolilits	futbolilits
what is the software genre of decibel audio player	decibel audio player
what type of album is port of miami ?	port of miami
what tv program is the episode finland from ?	finland
which country was the film the little cowboy from	the little cowboy
which united states representative was born in albuquerque ?	albuquerque
what type of school is american university in bulgaria	american university in bulgaria
what ethnicity of people does david hemblen belong to	david hemblen
what kind of album is sounds of the universe	sounds of the universe
what is ksenija pajčin 's country of origin ?	ksenija pajčin
which american gothic group is signed to metropolis records	metropolis records
what is the primary language of anna mae kesse	anna mae kesse
what language is spoken in the spirit of '45	the spirit of '45
what 's an example of an imax film ?	imax
which gamecube games were published by clover studio ?	clover studio
what game is played as an arcade game ?	arcade game
what is an example of a science fiction book	science fiction
what type of genre is hobo with a grin	hobo with a grin
where was ( 29170 ) 1990 oa3 discovered ?	( 29170 ) 1990 oa3
what county is rochester hills , michigan in ?	rochester hills , michigan
what is on of sonny stitt 's album ?	sonny stitt
what is the track list on the release nemesis	nemesis
what type of music does profili profili play ?	profili profili
what is a title in the vampire genre ?	vampire
what is the name of a sound collage artist	sound collage
name a heavy metal album released in september 2012	heavy metal
who is a male character in the crucible ?	male
who was buried in forest lawn memorial park ?	forest lawn memorial park
which music genre does valerie june fall under ?	valerie june
which famous painting was painted on a canvas ?	canvas
what is a recurring event of 2004 brickyard 400	2004 brickyard 400
what 's a compilation album by tom tom club	compilation album
what english officer was involved in the crimean war	crimean war
what treatment is used for the disease vulvovaginal candidiasis	vulvovaginal candidiasis
who 's a swedish musician that plays power pop	power pop
what kind of book is the hard way ?	the hard way
what format was staying a life released in ?	staying a life
what kind of program is 30 minute meals ?	30 minute meals
name a person with the profession of screenwriter .	screenwriter
what was the album eclipse released in 2003 ?	eclipse
in which colombian city did alberto lleras camargo die	alberto lleras camargo
what genre is the artist doves ( band )	doves
name a place located in the pacific time zone	pacific time zone
what is the gender of mignon g. eberhart ?	mignon g. eberhart
what is an episode of talk of the town	talk of the town
which record label is ricky wilson apart of ?	ricky wilson
which rock band is played on the station kjkk-fm	kjkk-fm
what genre of music does sepalcure belong to ?	sepalcure
which state does little big horn college reside in	little big horn college
which region is monteleone di puglia located in ?	monteleone di puglia
which language is the tv program la job in	la job
what city and state is whitestone estates located in	whitestone estates
name a house member of the new democrat coalition	new democrat coalition
who is a politician of the english people ?	english people
who is the publisher for scholastic math missions ?	scholastic math missions
where was william ticknor 's place of birth ?	william ticknor
what is an example of a contemporary art gallery	contemporary art gallery
what kind of school is king george v school	king george v school
which movie is an example of a drama film	drama film
2.99 cent blues is what form of music ?	2.99 cent blues
what is a video sports game for mlb ?	sports game
what mountain range is mount washington a part of	mount washington
who did the music for the film la chinoise	la chinoise
what book does marco ( animorphs ) appear in	marco
what kind of release is do or die ?	do or die
what is the subject of country of my skull	country of my skull
what is the name of science fiction game ?	science fiction
what is a written work by jamaica kincaid ?	jamaica kincaid
what is i want that you are always happy	i want that you are always happy
what is khaled habib el kebich 's sex ?	khaled habib el kebich
what is a treatment for the disease angina pectoris	angina pectoris
what is the genre of the film ciao bambino	ciao bambino
what label is old crow medicine show under ?	old crow medicine show
what are three places located in zenica-doboj canton ?	zenica-doboj canton
what type of release was shouting at wildlife ?	shouting at wildlife
what type of competition is flay vs. christensen ?	flay vs. christensen
what is a popular film by walt disney pictures	walt disney pictures
what day of the year does lughnasadh take place	lughnasadh
what is the name of a black-and-white film ?	black-and-white
what artist is signed to dr. strange records ?	dr. strange records
what country is strattera 60 capsule manufactured in ?	strattera 60 capsule
what 's an example of a crime fiction film	crime fiction
what kind of tv show is cold case files	cold case files
where is the star system body 10367 sayo located	10367 sayo
which genre would me and will be under ?	me and will
what 's the name of a painter from aix-en-provence	aix-en-provence
what capital is north atlantic fisheries college located in	north atlantic fisheries college
what is the title of an electronica album ?	electronica
what is the release type of the album fun	fun
what kinds of music is played by jim mayer	jim mayer
name the thriller film written by roger corman .	roger corman
what kind type of video game is road runner	road runner
which country does daniel ridgway knight have nationality in	daniel ridgway knight
which tracks are listed in the recording brazil ?	brazil
what is the format that the sickness is in	the sickness
what is a fictional character created by louise berridge	louise berridge
what tourist attraction is located in sabie , mpumalanga	sabie , mpumalanga
chapter v is an album by which artist ?	chapter v
what is the unit size of 186th ohio infantry	186th ohio infantry
who wrote the story of the film blue crush	blue crush
what subjects do the book salad bar beef discuss	salad bar beef
what album is in the genre of rock music	rock music
what type of religion does alan turing believe in	alan turing
name a post-hardcore album by to speak of wolves	post-hardcore
the track titled history was off of which album	history
which country was william s. root born in ?	william s. root
what type of content is ieri , oggi ?	ieri , oggi
what 's an example of an album featuring remixes	album
who was the artist that recorded the song monster	monster
what is a song by the dave brubeck quartet	the dave brubeck quartet
which gender is the person ava lila rae niccol	ava lila rae niccol
who is someone that is from the bengali people	bengali people
who is a person that was killed of murder	murder
what genre is the film king of thorn ?	king of thorn
what kind of book is the city of towers	the city of towers
is cry of the innocent a drama or comedy	cry of the innocent
what language do the characters speak in hard gun	hard gun
what genre of music does kate nash make ?	kate nash
what is moses sichone 's country of nationality ?	moses sichone
what language was the angel wore red in ?	the angel wore red
what type of music does general levy make ?	general levy
what high school is located in easton , pennsylvania	easton , pennsylvania
what is the musical medium of easy rider ?	easy rider
what type of art does john hall do ?	john hall
what country is the film underworld filmed in ?	underworld
the film rex vs singh was produced by who	rex vs singh
what country was involved in operation texas star ?	operation texas star
what is the active ingredient of formulation for polydimethylsiloxane	polydimethylsiloxane
what regions was seaquest for atari 2600 released in	seaquest for atari 2600
what language was prince of the blood written in	prince of the blood
what is a song on the release called ghetto	ghetto
what is a eastern city in the united states	united states
what is the soundtrack of a british romantic comedy	soundtrack
where did jesus maría get it 's name from	jesus maría
what is the place of birth of cole cockburn	cole cockburn
what netflix genre is invitation to hell located in	invitation to hell
which cities does the airline jet canada services ?	jet canada
what album is listed under the pop music genre	pop music
what is a city located along missouri route 32	missouri route 32
which programs are part of the cook-off genre ?	cook-off
what is the binding style of the delia collection	the delia collection
in which album is eve of destruction featured on	eve of destruction
what is the architectural style of lee-fendall house ?	lee-fendall house
where in brazil was alexandre luiz fernandes born ?	alexandre luiz fernandes
what country was love and other crimes filmed in	love and other crimes
what family of languages does nyore language belong to	nyore language
what is the genre of the film the butler	the butler
who published the game it came from the desert	it came from the desert
what format was simply the best released in ?	simply the best
which country does jack williams claim nationality from ?	jack williams
who composed the composition islands in the stream ?	islands in the stream
what album is by the artist tanya tucker ?	tanya tucker
what industry is locomotive games a part of ?	locomotive games
who is the program creator of getter robo go	getter robo go
whats the name of a rhythm and blues album	rhythm and blues
what is the color of complete 800/10/165 chewable tablet	complete 800/10/165 chewable tablet
what was a game developed by westwood studios ?	westwood studios
what was the cause of death of reuven frank	reuven frank
what genre is the tv program blondi tuli taloon	blondi tuli taloon
is spaceship medic a science fiction or mystery book	spaceship medic
who is the artist of the recording crs ?	crs
what is the gender of carolyn a. brent ?	carolyn a. brent
which nation is jason connell a citizen of ?	jason connell
is drive me crazy a studio or live album	drive me crazy
what type of release is i loved him ?	i loved him
what 's a good descriptor of the shark net	the shark net
what is a song by chage & aska ?	song
who was involved in the battle of mount song	battle of mount song
which language is spoken in man on the brink	man on the brink
what is a film produced by warner bros. ?	warner bros.
what is a song from do n't look down	do n't look down
what genre of film is mary & myself ?	mary & myself
which campuses does union college ( kentucky ) have	union college
what is the release track on garden of love	garden of love
what is a film in the genre of black-and-white	black-and-white
name a famous rock and roll album in 2003	rock and roll
what is the burial place of ray ellington ?	ray ellington
what country does the guaporé river run through ?	guaporé river
what is similar model to the chevrolet impala ?	chevrolet impala
what is a compatible ingredient with a gluten-free diet	gluten-free diet
what country is the subject of the black tulip	the black tulip
who is an actress born in new york city	new york city
what is henry morgenthau , sr. known for being	henry morgenthau , sr.
what is the book for the edition venice ?	venice
what is the place of birth of sergio spina	sergio spina
name a track off the release titled fear not	fear not
in which discipline is the annalen der physik featured	annalen der physik
what is a film with the crime fiction genre	crime fiction
what theme is in job hunting on the internet	job hunting on the internet
what is an active ingredient found in biotin ?	biotin
what film had its art directed by linda janson	linda janson
what type of album is rewind ～singles collection+～ ?	rewind ～singles collection+～
who is an artist from the heavy metal genre	heavy metal
what kind of album is pathways into darkness ?	pathways into darkness
what african-american cook was born in the mississippi delta	mississippi delta
what type of content is versus the world ?	versus the world
what power does the fictional character gypsy have ?	gypsy
what language is the princess and the goblin in	the princess and the goblin
what are compositions by queens of the stone age	queens of the stone age
who is a man that was born in richmond	richmond
which country is the film a bloody aria from	a bloody aria
what are the names of military units from indiana	indiana
which jennifer lash book was written partially about france	france
what is the license for the university park ?	university park
is air gear an action film or romance film	air gear
what types of school is archbishop stepinac high school	archbishop stepinac high school
what kind of music is jim bakkum known for	jim bakkum
what type of music does the mayfield four play	the mayfield four
is joey clement known for hard rock or classical	joey clement
what is the writing system for the talysh language	talysh language
which european language is almost married spoken in ?	almost married
which region was late for the sky released in	late for the sky
what is nanci bowen 's county of nationality ?	nanci bowen
who is an artist on one morning in may	one morning in may
what country filmed three fragments of a lost tale	three fragments of a lost tale
what was the cause of death of berry oakley	berry oakley
name a tv station owned by tribune company .	tribune company
what asteroid group is 9508 titurel a part of	9508 titurel
what type of school is massachusetts institute of technology	massachusetts institute of technology
what kind of music does mr. lee grant create	mr. lee grant
which music artist released the recording live or die	live or die
what war is the yazoo pass expedition included in	yazoo pass expedition
which actor wrote and starred in the hot chick	the hot chick
what language was man 's fate originally filmed in	man 's fate
what song is fergie ( singer ) featured on	fergie
who did the music on the film decalogue iii	decalogue iii
what type of music does lodovica comello sing ?	lodovica comello
what is the name of a place in kentucky	kentucky
what sport does men 's archery , team play	men 's archery , team
whats an event featured at the 2004 summer olympics	2004 summer olympics
who was the producer for d : underworld badhshah	d : underworld badhshah
what american character actor was born in youngstown ?	youngstown
what is the active ingredient of formulation of menthol	menthol
what type of school is mount alvernia high school	mount alvernia high school
what kind of film is the soul herder ?	the soul herder
what are southeast missouri state university 's colors ?	southeast missouri state university
is john locke from the united kingdom or france	john locke
what type of album is josie and the pussycats	josie and the pussycats
how was you , me and the windshield formated	you , me and the windshield
which book did ernst mayr contribute writing for ?	ernst mayr
which genre of book is the cloak of shadows	cloak of shadows
which track contains the very best of greatest hits	the very best of greatest hits
what kind of album is greatest hits - live	greatest hits - live
what 's the name of richard widmark 's daughter	richard widmark
what is the name of a japanese catcher ?	catcher
who is the daughter of queen noor of jordan	queen noor of jordan
who was a german american soldier born in baden	baden
what is an unincorporated community located in united states	united states
what is a 2005 participant media american drama film	participant media
what is a book written by jenny nimmo called	jenny nimmo
what is a theater ( structure ) in iowa	theater
what type of genre is down three dark streets	down three dark streets
which military personnel was involved in world war ii	world war ii
what 's a book written by katherine anne porter	katherine anne porter
what does eric laugérias do for a profession ?	eric laugérias
what is a drug manufactured by ranbaxy laboratories ?	ranbaxy laboratories
what 's the language used in kurosawa 's way	kurosawa 's way
whats an album name found in the emo genre	emo
where was the woman annibale maria di francia born	annibale maria di francia
what is the name of a fiction book ?	fiction
who is the artist from the album titled toya	toya
what is a film written by daddy day camp	daddy day camp
is friedrich gustav jaeger a man or a woman	friedrich gustav jaeger
what category of film is something for the boys	something for the boys
whats an album created by the artist freedom call	freedom call
what film was shot in 35 mm film ?	35 mm film
where was the place of birth of billy williams	billy williams
what fatal action caused cathy wayne 's death ?	cathy wayne
what type of movie genre is breakfast with scot	breakfast with scot
what is a song on the album called guitar	guitar
what is josé antonio remón cantera 's profession ?	josé antonio remón cantera
which famous actor is melyssa james the parent of	melyssa james
what language was the film mohammed rafi forever ?	mohammed rafi forever
what is the title of a fiction book ?	fiction
what does ralf little do for a living ?	ralf little
what type of movie is ek hasina do diwane	ek hasina do diwane
what 's a song off of just the best	just the best
which country is the film all for free from	all for free
what is a book whose subject is sociology ?	sociology
what kind of school is upper darby high school	upper darby high school
name a track from the thirteenth step album ?	thirteenth step
what is an asteroid found in the solar system	solar system
which drug is in the shape of a circle	circle
what language is spoken in beck – skarpt läge	beck – skarpt läge
what 's a book written by carol ann duffy	carol ann duffy
what kind of rock do dead by april play	dead by april
after what physicist was the 9253 oberth asteroid named	9253 oberth
who created the story for front of the class	front of the class
what form of composition is music is love ?	music is love
what art medium did f. o. c. darley use	f. o. c. darley
what can you play spongebob squarepants : supersponge on	spongebob squarepants : supersponge
which film did herbert stothart contribute music to ?	herbert stothart
which language is primarily used in northwest hounded police	northwest hounded police
what genre is the book the book of life	the book of life
what is the religion of luke the evangelist ?	luke the evangelist
which type of album is 20 original greatest hits	20 original greatest hits
what 's an example of a historical fiction book	historical fiction
which track was produced by the producer tony visconti	tony visconti
what contest was tamiko nash a participant in ?	tamiko nash
what book is gold coast an edition of ?	gold coast
what is a type of political cinema film ?	political cinema
which city in california was darlene vogel born in	darlene vogel
who is the child of duane lee chapman ?	duane lee chapman
what kind of school is vestavia hills high school	vestavia hills high school
which team is jerry kill the head coach for	jerry kill
who edited the film jackie brown ( film )	jackie brown
what type of film star light no.5 bis ?	star light no.5 bis
which language is in the film isle of flowers	isle of flowers
what type of album is an american quilt 1967-1974	an american quilt 1967-1974
who is a ss officer in world war ii	world war ii
who composed the music in a chef in love	a chef in love
to which governmental institution does spirit mountain wilderness belong	spirit mountain wilderness
where did kent melville terwilliger spend his last days	kent melville terwilliger
what persons were involved in the battle of gettysburg	battle of gettysburg
what is the name of a pop music dj	pop music
what city and state did dutch ruether die in	dutch ruether
what is located in the eastern daylight time ?	eastern daylight time
which breed of dog has a spirited temperament ?	spirited
what is vladimír franz 's place of birth ?	vladimír franz
who was the recording artist for dick tracy ?	dick tracy
where are the university gardens , new york located	university gardens , new york
which language is used in the house of adam	the house of adam
which art form is the portrait of henri michaux	portrait of henri michaux
which park is located in orange county , florida	orange county , florida
what do the actors speak in totally true love	totally true love
what is a type of southern gospel album ?	southern gospel
what kind of film is the secret of trees	the secret of trees
what network created the tv progam the lost tribes	the lost tribes
what is the production company responsible for autumn marathon	autumn marathon
what country is the los angeles flower district in	los angeles flower district
what types of movie is before midnight in netflix	before midnight
whats the name of an asteroid discovered in 1998	asteroid
who is signed with the record lable konlive distribution	konlive distribution
what 's an album recorded live at the fillmore	album
what does eve sussman do for a living ?	eve sussman
what kind of architecture is the washington damon house	washington damon house
which mythology is the creature cretan bull from ?	cretan bull
what movie set was created by jan k. bergstrom	jan k. bergstrom
what star does ( 11410 ) 1999 fu34 orbit	( 11410 ) 1999 fu34
which animates short film was released in 2011 ?	short film
what was the place of birth of joseph rao	joseph rao
what kind of music is on the album bakesale	bakesale
what kingdom was involved in the battle of ganghwa	battle of ganghwa
what type of netflix genre is patch adams under	patch adams
what type of school is aurora hills middle school	aurora hills middle school
what was a drama film released in 195 ?	drama film
who is a person that was born in beersheba	beersheba
what kind of music does crime mob make ?	crime mob
what are turnbull high school 's official colors ?	turnbull high school
what religion is kathleen lonsdale a part of ?	kathleen lonsdale
what is the release of the track poison ?	poison
which game is of the cvg genre fighting game	fighting game
what is the time zone for crescent city ?	crescent city
what is a ride made by kings island ?	kings island
name a video game character who is a scientist	scientist
which country is royal opera house , london located	royal opera house , london
which football player was born in berkeley county ?	berkeley county
what film was executively produced by george lucas ?	george lucas
what studio album was made by lada gag ?	studio album
which track can be found in the recording decapitation	decapitation
what conflict did richard e. fleming partake in ?	richard e. fleming
what is the school type of hibbing community college	hibbing community college
which genre of film is animals distract me in	animals distract me
what artist was born in the united states ?	united states
what kind of music does joy lynn white write	joy lynn white
what genre is the book just the financial facts	just the financial facts
which ethnicity is aaron hall ( singer ) ?	aaron hall
which architectural style is house at 34 benefit street	house at 34 benefit street
what is an americana ( music ) album ?	americana
what genre of music does edwin starr compose ?	edwin starr
what kind of album is dil vil pyar vyar	dil vil pyar vyar
what region is the music irodori released in ?	irodori
what is a component body of united states congress	united states congress
what was the release type of just for love	just for love
what 's the name of a singer from ireland	singer
which college is located in victoria ( australia )	victoria
who was the author that wrote ghor , kin-slayer	ghor , kin-slayer
what genre is the castle of purity on netflix	the castle of purity
what was the release for the recording mtv ?	mtv
what track is by the artist muddy waters ?	muddy waters
what type of music does the dells make ?	the dells
which artist recorded the year of the iguana ?	year of the iguana
what is the film format of american splendor ?	american splendor
what is the name of an indie rock album	indie rock
what is the building function of theatre cedar rapids	theatre cedar rapids
what is the origin of the artist the dramatics	the dramatics
who published chuck rock ii : son of chuck	chuck rock ii : son of chuck
who is a person that was born in brooklyn	brooklyn
what would you call a daewoo model s ?	daewoo
what language was used for the book lost light	lost light
who was the lyricist on the song betty lonely	betty lonely
what was reginaldo rossi 's cause of death ?	reginaldo rossi
what types of movie is phobia 2 in netflix	phobia 2
what kind of music does suzana petričević make ?	suzana petričević
what position did giacomo losi play in soccer ?	giacomo losi
what is a song on the boston live album	boston live
what kind of art is performed by chris berens	chris berens
who wrote the album tchaikovsky , poetry & passion	tchaikovsky , poetry & passion
what is the genre of the videogame earth 2160	earth 2160
what is the genre of the artist urban tales	urban tales
what is a compilation album by dolly parton ?	compilation album
what country is a crooked road released in ?	a crooked road
what is the place of birth for charleston hughes	charleston hughes
what 's one song that j. j. johnson produce	j. j. johnson
what is an example of sport utility vehicle ?	sport utility vehicle
what type of music does michael stanley play ?	michael stanley
who directed tenacious d in the pick of destiny	tenacious d in the pick of destiny
what is the game series of fifa street 3	fifa street 3
which country is for all time filmed in ?	for all time
what is the active ingredient of formulation in digoxin	digoxin
what 's the broadest genre description of 7 virgins	7 virgins
who is mount wellington ( tasmania ) named after	mount wellington
what genre is the long goodbye ( film )	the long goodbye
who is the director for a charlie brown christmas	a charlie brown christmas
what is a western ( genre ) on netflix	western
what type of aircraft is the convair b-36 peacemaker	convair b-36 peacemaker
what type of broadcast does deryl dodd do ?	deryl dodd
which campuses are located in mountain view college ?	mountain view college
what was david steven 's cause of death ?	david steven
who is an artist is known for christmas music	christmas music
in what language is the composition love scene ?	love scene
what format was blues from the soul released on	blues from the soul
what type of school is durham high school ?	durham high school
is the fictional character ghoul male of female ?	ghoul
what type of music does blues for allah play	blues for allah
what is the name of a producer from detroit	detroit
what genre of music does ian keaggy play ?	ian keaggy
what is the name of a post-punk album ?	post-punk
where was the theater production legally blonde performed ?	legally blonde
what was the place of birth of mahesh thakur	mahesh thakur
what is the gender of edward a. germann ?	edward a. germann
what is a book with the subject literary ?	literary
what is the notable type of frank belknap long	frank belknap long
what sort of music is on the complete guitarist	the complete guitarist
which recording is on the track forrest gump ?	forrest gump
what kind of movie is the little mermaid ?	the little mermaid
what country is santa maria presso san celso in	santa maria presso san celso
which male singer died from a car accident ?	car accident
where is the location of upper ford hill ?	upper ford hill
which language is used in ring of bright water	ring of bright water
what type of netflix genre is toy story ?	toy story
what is a technique used by nick warren ?	nick warren
what is the active ingredient in benzocaine 0.075 swab	benzocaine 0.075 swab
which film was abbas kiarostami the editor for ?	abbas kiarostami
what game is a massively multiplayer online game ?	massively multiplayer online game
what 's a company that specializes in visual effects	visual effects
what is gimpo international airport a hub for ?	gimpo international airport
whats the name of science and technology public university	public university
who is a football player that played defender ?	defender
what type of film is the longest night ?	the longest night
which tracks are listed in the album timeless ?	timeless
which position did tom patton used to play ?	tom patton
what city uses the north american central time zone	central time zone
which book edition was published by william hope hodgson	william hope hodgson
what is the subject of the stuff of life	the stuff of life
what sort of film is la conquista dei diamanti	la conquista dei diamanti
who was the author of the crown of dalemark	the crown of dalemark
how would you classify the movie thangaikku oru thalattu	thangaikku oru thalattu
what is a book edition published by anne mccaffrey	anne mccaffrey
which genre is the herb alpert 's ninth album	herb alpert 's ninth
is take the box an album of a single	take the box
what film genre is hades project zeorymer : extinction	hades project zeorymer : extinction
name a multipart episode from the program doctor who	doctor who
what does ricoh caplio r40 use to store photos	ricoh caplio r40
whats the title of a song by art tatum	art tatum
which film did giuseppe rotunno do the cinematography for	giuseppe rotunno
what object does ( 11624 ) 1996 uf orbit	( 11624 ) 1996 uf
which languages are spoken in the film gutter ?	gutter
which emo albums were released by atlantic records ?	emo
what is a compatible ingredient on a gluten-free diet	gluten-free diet
what is one of philippa gregory best-known books ?	philippa gregory
what country is the film sedin dujone from ?	sedin dujone
what songs have billy idol written lyrics for ?	billy idol
what kind of music does fc kahuna sing ?	fc kahuna
what is the genre of the film the way	the way
what is a track from the artist regulator watts	regulator watts
which book has an edition called tao te ching	tao te ching
what album is from the dance music genre ?	dance music
what type of celestial object is 12526 de coninck	12526 de coninck
what country produced the film zoop in south america	zoop in south america
what is the spirit color for normandy high school	normandy high school
where did the battle of oak grove take place	battle of oak grove
who is the founder of democratic convergence of catalonia	democratic convergence of catalonia
what type of movie is the devil 's plaything	the devil 's plaything
which asteroid group is 23355 elephenor a member of	23355 elephenor
what is david saunders 's country of nationality ?	david saunders
what is a mystery book written by lawrence block	mystery
what position does sergei karimov play in soccer ?	sergei karimov
what format was vegas : virgin megatore released in	vegas : virgin megatore
name one of the new orleans public schools .	new orleans public schools
who is the leader of the st. louis blues	st. louis blues
what is scott robinson 's place of birth ?	scott robinson
who edited the film titled spanglish ( film )	spanglish
who directed the film donald 's cousin gus ?	donald 's cousin gus
what is the name of a rock music album	rock music
what internet company is ashton kutcher associated with ?	ashton kutcher
what asteroid group is 6247 amanogawa a member of	6247 amanogawa
what is the track list of stand your ground	stand your ground
what is the genre of the videogame hyper v-ball	hyper v-ball
what is an edition of the book namibia ?	namibia
what subset of punk music do the distillers write	the distillers
what gameplay mode does civilization iv : colonization offer	civilization iv : colonization
what type of music does frank beard play ?	frank beard
which gameplay mode does macross ace frontier use ?	macross ace frontier
what language is light keeps me company in ?	light keeps me company
what is the genre of dali in new york	dali in new york
who is an artist who performs pop rock music	pop rock
what 's a song featured on major flavours 3	major flavours 3
which country is the film benny and babloo from	benny and babloo
who did the story for the film chukkallo chandrudu	chukkallo chandrudu
what would be an example of a horror film	horror film
what is the release of the track apple ?	apple
what county and state did samuel mudd originate from	samuel mudd
what kind of music is lullaby for columbine ?	lullaby for columbine
what was ken wright 's place of birth ?	ken wright
what is the film format of letter to america	letter to america
where in the united states did herbert adams die	herbert adams
what film is a type of romance film ?	romance film
what language is used for upstream ( newspaper )	upstream
what book is based on the american civil war	american civil war
where is the church of st peter ad vincula	church of st peter ad vincula
which genre of opera is tristan und isolde ?	tristan und isolde
where in canada was george r. ursul born ?	george r. ursul
which city is located within the cuyahoga county ?	cuyahoga county
what album can remember me be found on ?	remember me
which genre of film is deep impact under ?	deep impact
what is a featured character in marvel noir ?	marvel noir
what 's an example of a progressive rock album	progressive rock
what person was born in new york city ?	new york city
which website did the pedobear meme originate from ?	pedobear
what is an administrative division of the country argentina	argentina
what is the name of an female violin player	violin
what is the genre of the album winter song	winter song
which state locates franklin county career and technology center	franklin county career and technology center
name a person born in the the bronx .	the bronx
which tracks are in the album the fly ?	the fly
what is the name of katherine swynford 's son	katherine swynford
what is a track off of man in black	man in black
what type of construction depicts the greek revival architecture	greek revival architecture
what 's a town in modoc county , california	modoc county
what 's a celestial body discovered by yoshiaki oshima	yoshiaki oshima
what 's the original version of the song portland	portland
what is the sex of frederick william wallace ?	frederick william wallace
who is the artist that created home by dawn	home by dawn
what 's a country that uses the mari language	mari language
what is a language of the film megamind ?	megamind
which country was hot & soul released in ?	hot & soul
what kind of binding does the jungle have ?	the jungle
what is the namesake of the source terry knight	terry knight
what series is the episode split decisions from ?	split decisions
what series is the episode monte carlo from ?	monte carlo
who was the producer for the film dead leaves	dead leaves
what play did laurie berkner write lyrics for ?	laurie berkner
what is a recording of one fine day called	one fine day
what 's a release from like a rolling stone	like a rolling stone
what is a version of the single paris ?	paris
what type of album is the hit years ?	the hit years
what is an example of a fantasy tv program	fantasy
which subject was focused on in the westward movement	the westward movement
what genre of music does u ; nee produce	u ; nee
what style of music does meg & dia make	meg & dia
what content of music does the duhks record ?	the duhks
who composed the song the way we were ?	the way we were
who was in attendance at michael jackson memorial service	michael jackson memorial service
what position does curtis marsh , jr. play ?	curtis marsh , jr.
which county has the mocioaia river running through it	mocioaia river
whats the name of an album by ennio morricone	ennio morricone
where did the muslim conflict in gansu take place	muslim conflict in gansu
what airline is located at cape town international airport	cape town international airport
where is karnataka institute of medical sciences located ?	karnataka institute of medical sciences
what notable type is the cabrini medical center ?	cabrini medical center
what is an example of moorish revival architecture ?	moorish revival architecture
what series has chris morris been involved in ?	chris morris
what season did the tv episode texas belong to	texas
which astronaut was in the space mission soyuz tma-1	soyuz tma-1
where in the united was the innocent party filmed	the innocent party
what type of art is depicted in river landscape	river landscape
what 's a college in des plaines , illinois	des plaines , illinois
what is a book that deals mainly with art	art
what genre of music does the album breathe feature	breathe
who was the publisher for dialogues of the dead	dialogues of the dead
what 's a game from the series front mission	front mission
what kind of movie is red rock west ?	red rock west
where did battle of the thousand islands happen ?	battle of the thousand islands
which country is the postal code 07470 located in	07470
what kind of music is london known for ?	london
what is the late captain pierce known to be	the late captain pierce
what city and state is winton place in ?	winton place
what kind of tv show is the eleventh hour	eleventh hour
what kind of game is football manager 2008 ?	football manager 2008
who is the executive producer of stay cool ?	stay cool
which country does netflix say 25 carat comes from	25 carat
which time zone is the lonate pozzolo located in	lonate pozzolo
which places are located near gold creek dam ?	gold creek dam
what is the function of brigham city utah temple	brigham city utah temple
what is a song is on the release bangalore	bangalore
what is the name of a documentary film ?	documentary film
who is the artist on black man 's cry	black man 's cry
what state did the 1933 outer banks hurricane affect	1933 outer banks hurricane
what kind of school is start high school ?	start high school
what film did gregg toland do the cinematography for	gregg toland
what is the subject of hope in the dark	hope in the dark
which dj mix album is by nu : tone	dj mix
what 1936 film did gregory la cava write ?	gregory la cava
which census designated place is found in willacy county	willacy county
what position does basketball player damien wilkins play ?	damien wilkins
who is the oldest son of will smith ?	will smith
what genre is the band east india youth ?	east india youth
what is the book bulletproof offshore asset protection about	bulletproof offshore asset protection
what is the musician for what a wonderful world	what a wonderful world
what ethnic group is matti ijäs a part of	matti ijäs
who is the artist of the known recording 50/50	50/50
what type of school is curtis high school ?	curtis high school
what is the physical format of the release clumsy	clumsy
what is located in the mountain time zone ?	mountain time zone
what star system does 7688 lothar belong to ?	7688 lothar
what kind of album content is house anthems ?	house anthems
what is the legal status of levetiracetam 250 tablet	levetiracetam 250 tablet
which country did the film mutharamkunnu p.o. come from	mutharamkunnu p.o.
which american city was carlo vogel born in ?	carlo vogel
what is the title of a snowboarding netflix film	snowboarding
what is production company of the film barfly ?	barfly
who was born in kansas city , missouri ?	kansas city , missouri
what kind of book is tatja grimm 's world	tatja grimm 's world
whats a track on the release deus ex machina	deus ex machina
what kind of art is rue montargueil with flags	rue montargueil with flags
what is one of the looney tunes films ?	looney tunes
what genre of music does wax poetic compose ?	wax poetic
what kind of music is richy nix associated with	richy nix
what track is soul train a recording of ?	soul train
who is a musician signed to columbia records ?	columbia records
what is the name of an animation film ?	animation
where would commercial airplanes be located near rocky hill	rocky hill
what song did arlo guthrie write the lyrics to	arlo guthrie
what type of play is two by two ?	two by two
what is the language family of marshallese language ?	marshallese language
what company released star trek : voyager elite force	star trek : voyager elite force
what language is spoken in main tu assi tussi	main tu assi tussi
what is a language durived from the niger–congo languages	niger–congo languages
what is the position of football player zvjezdan cvetković	zvjezdan cvetković
what school is located in syracuse , new york	syracuse , new york
whats the name of an artist on columbia records	columbia records
name a non slr digital camera manufactured by nikon	nikon
what types of music is played by thomas donovan	thomas donovan
who 's a basketball player that plays point guard	point guard
what language family is menka language a part of	menka language
what genre of music does pure love record ?	pure love
which release is buenos aires the release track from	buenos aires
which star system is 9880 stegosaurus apart of ?	9880 stegosaurus
what is a drama film released in 1974 ?	drama film
what kind of film is signs in the desert	signs in the desert
what topic is to afghanistan and back written about	to afghanistan and back
which position on the gridiron does donnie green play	donnie green
where is salem county , new jersey located ?	salem county
what is a tourist attraction in big sur ?	big sur
on what broadcast station was toni braxton featured ?	toni braxton
what military personnel was involved in world war ii	world war ii
what films have james newton howard participated in ?	james newton howard
what movie titles belong to the netflix genre horror	horror
what is the shape of lunesta 3 coated tablet	lunesta 3 coated tablet
what type of place is bluestone state park ?	bluestone state park
what is the format of the release forbidden colours	forbidden colours
what country is universidad técnica federico santa maría in	universidad técnica federico santa maría
what is a river in the united states ?	united states
what is the release type of just coolin '	just coolin '
who produced the movie the cat from outer space	the cat from outer space
which book does david make an appearance in ?	david
what position does john munyan play in baseball ?	john munyan
what kind of tv program is into the west	into the west
what 's a title in the biography netflix genre	biography
what is a track from the recording babylon ?	babylon
what is the language spoken in the ex ?	the ex
what type of film is spark among the ashes	spark among the ashes
which release contains the track o holy night ?	o holy night
what type of music does devlin belong in ?	devlin
what j-pop album was released by ken hirai ?	j-pop
what games have been published by microsoft studios ?	microsoft studios
who is the indie rock guitarist for idlewild ?	indie rock
which tv series is deadfall an episode of ?	deadfall
what institution has the hampton pirates men 's basketball	hampton pirates men 's basketball
what do they speak on dance your ass off	dance your ass off
what was the place of birth of amir toodehroosta	amir toodehroosta
which subject is the book memoirs of hadrian about	memoirs of hadrian
which college has the sorority kappa alpha theta ?	kappa alpha theta
who 's an artist that produces primarily christian music	christian music
which release is spy the release track off of	spy
what is the name of a regiment in arkansas	regiment
what country is the movie dil chahta hai from	dil chahta hai
where was piano concerto no.12 in a major composed	piano concerto no.12 in a major
what country was zombies gone wild filmed in ?	zombies gone wild
who was a writer for the episode the forgotten	the forgotten
what kind of music is on bo diddley ?	bo diddley
what is anton strashimirov 's country of nationality ?	anton strashimirov
which spoken language is featured in red rubber boots	red rubber boots
what football position does dorin dickerson play at ?	dorin dickerson
what language is in the film clint the stranger	clint the stranger
which country is purple people eater filmed in ?	purple people eater
who is the artist that recorded the song jamaica	jamaica
what 's the title of a foreign romance film	romance film
what is dong-ryung kim most commonly know as ?	dong-ryung kim
what genre of music is end like this ?	end like this
which genre of film is eating the uneatable ?	eating the uneatable
in what country was the album diamond released ?	diamond
what constellation is hd 102117 a part of ?	hd 102117
where was costume designer erica edell phillips born ?	erica edell phillips
name an artist within the experimental music genre .	experimental music
what is the position that lynn myers played ?	lynn myers
what position does david sinclair play in soccer ?	david sinclair
what time zone is used in the yongchuan district	yongchuan district
what language was every night at eight made in	every night at eight
what kind of music does moe rocks terrastock play	moe rocks terrastock
what community is part of a county in maryland	maryland
what filmmaker was born in rio de janeiro ?	rio de janeiro
what songs has david francey written lyrics for ?	david francey
what does table rock lake flow out to ?	table rock lake
where did battle of bereza kartuska take place ?	battle of bereza kartuska
what type of release is in the pocket ?	in the pocket
what is a visual work by sm sultan called	sm sultan
what language is spoken in the movie les visiteurs	les visiteurs
what is the name of a notable ballet artist	ballet
what 's a folk music album by beau dommage	folk music
what is the soundtrack title for total annihilation ?	total annihilation
what genre within blues music does buddy guy play	buddy guy
what genre is the netflix title pork chop hill	pork chop hill
what language is the film saigon electric in ?	saigon electric
what style of music does california wives record ?	california wives
what type of album is dj convention : frühlingsgefühle	dj convention : frühlingsgefühle
what song is from the release recital de canciones	recital de canciones
what type of industry is dress smart in ?	dress smart
what kind of college is paris junior college ?	paris junior college
what 's the name of a biography movie ?	biography
what is an example of a cooking book ?	cooking
what film was karl freund a cinematographer for ?	karl freund
what kind of release did white incarnation have ?	white incarnation
is eleven on top a fiction or non-fiction book	eleven on top
what is the subject of the story of psychology	the story of psychology
what physical format was live and dangerous released on	live and dangerous
which historical events took place in osaka prefecture ?	osaka prefecture
which country does the valea glonțului river flow into	valea glonțului river
which state in australia is the city of whyalla	city of whyalla
what is a track that x-press 2 does ?	x-press 2
what kinds of movie is il sogno di zorro	il sogno di zorro
which artist is signed to def jam recordings ?	def jam recordings
what is an album by az ( rapper )	az
what type of show was the tv program chobits	chobits
what type of music is composed by joey stec	joey stec
what 's an example of a public school ?	public school
what city and state is bemidji regional airport in	bemidji regional airport
an example of an lgbt film is what ?	lgbt
which time zone is san felice a cancello in	san felice a cancello
what is the name of a popular electro artist	electro
what kind of music is on nedelja na duhove	nedelja na duhove
rob cohen is in the credits of what movie	rob cohen
who is the founder of kentucky educational television ?	kentucky educational television
which football player was born in south korea ?	south korea
what is the show game of thrones adapted from	game of thrones
what is the name of a midfielder football player	midfielder
what was the former name of the arizona cardinals	arizona cardinals
what 's a soundtrack that features pop rock music	pop rock
whats an example of a melodic death metal album	melodic death metal
what kinds of music is played by anton bruckner	anton bruckner
what platform is team fortress classic played on ?	team fortress classic
what university is located in eastern united states ?	united states
what book does the character jason bourne appear in	jason bourne
what is a lake in the united states .	united states
is all the best a compilation album or soundtrack	all the best
which film did jonathan swift do the writing for	jonathan swift
what album is a type of rock music ?	rock music
what type of album is the album desert lights	desert lights
who directed the movie a night at the opera	a night at the opera
where is norman kerry 's place of birth ?	norman kerry
what is an album of alternative metal music ?	alternative metal
what type of music is rockman x8 original soundtrack	rockman x8 original soundtrack
what is an example of an ambient music album	ambient music
what was mismeasure of women written about > ?	mismeasure of women
what was the cause of death of weldon irvine	weldon irvine
name a title in the netflix genre thai language	thai language
where in asia was bianca siu davies born ?	bianca siu davies
what is leigh haggerwood 's country of nationality ?	leigh haggerwood
what is the profession of t. m. mcnally ?	t. m. mcnally
what is a song on the holiday wishes album	holiday wishes
rob may is most associated with what musical genre	rob may
what is the first recorded composition of the prince	the prince
which country filmed mr. polman wants to fit in	mr. polman wants to fit in
what record label is jussi sydänmaa a part of	jussi sydänmaa
what 's a song released on city of djinn	city of djinn
what is the original language of thurston house ?	thurston house
what is the nationality of james reese europe ?	james reese europe
who wrote my dad is 100 years old ?	my dad is 100 years old
who 's a person killed during the rwandan genocide	rwandan genocide
what language is natutulog pa ang diyos in ?	natutulog pa ang diyos
what types of food is contains by pomegranate juice	pomegranate juice
what genre on netflix is my life without me	my life without me
which artist is signed with metal blade records ?	metal blade records
what is the marketed formulation of the drug estazolam	estazolam
which state did the 1st georgia infantry originate from	1st georgia infantry
what country released the film rachel and the stranger	rachel and the stranger
what label is live at the quick released on	live at the quick
what does ( 13020 ) 1988 pw2 go around	( 13020 ) 1988 pw2
what war is the admiralty islands campaign included in	admiralty islands campaign
what is the subject of de vere as shakespeare	de vere as shakespeare
what is the name of a soccer midfielder ?	midfielder
what subject is the book the new rebellion about	the new rebellion
which position did ike van zandt play in baseball	ike van zandt
which genre of book does white belong to ?	white
what kind of release is hospital mix eight ?	hospital mix eight
what is the biography written by peggy noona ?	biography
what is the occupation of fictional character miles teg	miles teg
where is the origin of the artist kayhan kalhor	kayhan kalhor
what is the name of a book about aesthetics	aesthetics
what is the book edition published by ben mezrich	ben mezrich
what is the name of an indie rock album	indie rock
what is the country of origin of derrick ?	derrick
what film is in the mystery film genre ?	mystery film
what is an example of a music program ?	music
what is the name of pastor troy 's album	pastor troy
where is john b. mansbridge 's country of nationality	john b. mansbridge
what genre of book is the burden of proof	the burden of proof
which animation show is based on hollywood gossip ?	animation
what is a track of the proper education album	proper education
what is the developer company of ken uston blackjack/poker	ken uston blackjack/poker
who recorded hey ... bo diddley : in concert	hey ... bo diddley : in concert
which artist recorded the magic flute : pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-papagena ?	the magic flute : pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-papagena
what is the film genre of the last supper	the last supper
what was the release format of 100 country greats	100 country greats
what is the title for a 1929 silent film	silent film
where is the location of lauro de freitas ?	lauro de freitas
what is a dance music album by nicki minaj	dance music
where was the man who died twice made ?	the man who died twice
which film did zora mojsilovic design the costume for	zora mojsilovic
what school is located in rowland heights , california	rowland heights , california
what genre of music is the album ocean roar	ocean roar
which country is here and away filmed in ?	here and away
what was didier diderot 's place of birth ?	didier diderot
what is the name of a rap rock album	rap rock
the video game generation of chaos is what genre	generation of chaos
who was the developer of the game transbot ?	transbot
what is never trust a dead man about ?	never trust a dead man
what country gives takahiro imanami his or her nationality	takahiro imanami
name an author in the fantasy book genre .	fantasy
what series is singstar anthems a part of ?	singstar anthems
what newspapers are circulated in cincinnati , ohio ?	cincinnati , ohio
what is located in the eastern daylight time ?	eastern daylight time
what release did the recording new york come from	new york
what kind of school is phillips exeter academy ?	phillips exeter academy
which media was used for between heaven and earth	between heaven and earth
which short films were directed by johannes ridder ?	short films
what nasa astronaut was born in macon , georgia	macon , georgia
what country is fantômas se déchaîne filmed in ?	fantômas se déchaîne
what is the county that cheshire is in ?	cheshire
what is the spoken language in san demetrio london	san demetrio london
whats a game based on the platform game genre	platform game
what kind of album is angel of the morning	angel of the morning
where event was the great conspiracy a part of	great conspiracy
which city is forest glen a neighborhood of ?	forest glen
what is the name is donna summer 's album	donna summer
what kind of book is the young magicians ?	the young magicians
what illness was suffered by james horne jr .	james horne
what is the active ingredient in phenobarbital 60 tablet	phenobarbital 60 tablet
what type of album was what 's happening brother	what 's happening brother
what event was included in the 1948 arab–israeli war	1948 arab–israeli war
what is a song featured in heroes of nature	heroes of nature
where was jeremy kinsman 's place of birth ?	jeremy kinsman
what is the make for the model lotus esprit	lotus esprit
does gerald j. rip work at the federal court	gerald j. rip
which country was the movie warriors released in first	warriors
what color is st patrick 's college , launceston	st patrick 's college , launceston
what historical nationality does sándor szõke belong to ?	sándor szõke
what kind of movie is the narrow margin ?	the narrow margin
name a written work of author virginia woolf .	virginia woolf
what is a song from the recording titled daybreak	daybreak
what is the make of the car mazda cx-7	mazda cx-7
what county is lone tree , iowa located in	lone tree , iowa
what companies have been founded by david rosen ?	david rosen
what topics are discussed in the forgotten holocaust ?	the forgotten holocaust
what is the name of an ambient music album	ambient music
is works i a compilation album or live recording	works i
what game engine does siren : blood curse use	siren : blood curse
what is the name of a instrumental rock album	instrumental rock
what type of medical field is associated with onychomycosis	onychomycosis
where might you find the netflix title be good	be good
who is the artist behind the recording titled colorado	colorado
what is a location contained within the united states	united states
what style of music is essere o sembrare ?	essere o sembrare
who is the writer of the work africa counts	africa counts
which genre of book is crm project management ?	crm project management
what is the film that ken hughes write ?	ken hughes
what format was the goa mix released in ?	the goa mix
what is a tourist attraction in ayia napa ?	ayia napa
what is a parish included in the jordan hill	jordan hill
whats the name of the artist who sang tvpm	tvpm
which romantic comedy film did charles minsky directed ?	charles minsky
name a manga series in the fantasy genre .	fantasy
what scandinavian airlines flight was involved in an accident	scandinavian airlines
who is a person born in the united states	united states
which famous television producer was born in kent ?	kent
what language was spoken in the film mandatory service	mandatory service
in which country was the greatest hits album released	greatest hits
which time zone does narol , poland belong to	narol , poland
what is wally wingert 's country of nationality ?	wally wingert
what kind of binding is on the historian ?	the historian
what type of book is vendetta for the saint	vendetta for the saint
what is the subject of death at wentwater court	death at wentwater court
what is an example of an arch bridge ?	arch bridge
who is the defender for the thai premier league	defender
what language is the abominable dr. phibes in ?	the abominable dr. phibes
what is the biological gender of jean absil ?	jean absil
which administrative division is located in united kingdom ?	united kingdom
what kind of release was swinging the blues ?	swinging the blues
what is a dog in the non-sporting group category	non-sporting group
where was gabrielle whittaker 's place of birth ?	gabrielle whittaker
what is the nationality of baltzar von platen ?	baltzar von platen
which language was the humanoid touch originally written in	the humanoid touch
who is one of james wilfred estey 's children	james wilfred estey
what kind of music is mizutamari ni utsuru sekai	mizutamari ni utsuru sekai
which format was larva pupa tank coffin released in	larva pupa tank coffin
what does theodor w. adorno do as a profession	theodor w. adorno
what 's a city in victoria ( australia )	victoria
what is the genre of the book anarquia ?	anarquia
what is the transit lines of a bus ?	bus
who 's a male character in the warriors universe	male
what person is known for being born in varberg	varberg
what release is i will always love you from	i will always love you
what 's an album that tracey ullman put out	tracey ullman
which type of license does calgary street map have	calgary street map
in what country is lumière university lyon 2 located	lumière university lyon 2
what city and state was dickey lee born ?	dickey lee
where does the film where eskimos live come from	where eskimos live
name a movie in the romance film genre .	romance film
a day without a mexican tackles what subject ?	a day without a mexican
what is the release type of 100 years duke	100 years duke
what country was the turn to sound album released	turn to sound
what genre of music is drop dead live ?	drop dead live
what was the reason for larry riley 's death	larry riley
what is a piece of art made using tempera	tempera
what kind of music is join the band ?	join the band
which song is part of along came a spider	along came a spider
what is a film directed by sam newfield ?	sam newfield
which suburban city is found in the united states	united states
what country is automated labs , llc apart of	automated labs , llc
what is pat nixon 's cause of death ?	pat nixon
what is a film in the thriller genre ?	thriller
what is the canonical version of pretty in pink	pretty in pink
what was the format of the dillinger escape plan	the dillinger escape plan
what series is the tv series episode bangladesh from	bangladesh
what is a ride walt disney imagineering designed ?	walt disney imagineering
what is the name of a place within peru	peru
what kind of music does collinz room perform ?	collinz room
who was the artist for the album classic masters	classic masters
which company produced westward ho the wagons ! ?	westward ho the wagons !
what kind of music is honey is cool ?	honey is cool
what is the wallis and futuna a division of	wallis and futuna
what is the occupation of the character named antonio	antonio
what is a gameplay mode available in world empire	world empire
what is the name of a soul music artist	soul music
what kind of music is cyndi almouzni known for	cyndi almouzni
who sang the song i will always love you	i will always love you
which position in football is played by bernhard cullmann	bernhard cullmann
where was prasad barve 's place of birth ?	prasad barve
who was the architect that designed the edifício copan	edifício copan
which region is crown of thorns released in ?	crown of thorns
what genre does the artist britt nicole perform in	britt nicole
what song came from the recording hong kong ?	hong kong
what company did produce the 2012 science fiction movie	2012
what is the st. peter 's church named for	st. peter 's church
the football player kim ju-young plays what position ?	kim ju-young
where was eduard schonfeld 's place of death ?	eduard schonfeld
where did john a. m. adair pass away ?	john a. m. adair
who is the producer of well all rite cha	well all rite cha
which 2009 musical tour took place in north america	north america
what area does the conway daily sun circulate in	the conway daily sun
which position does the football player dennis stevens play	dennis stevens
who is an artist signed to mercury records ?	mercury records
where is university of warsaw located in europe ?	university of warsaw
a portrait of lord nelson focuses on what subject	a portrait of lord nelson
what is an example of a primary school ?	primary school
which country gives newin chidchob his or her nationality	newin chidchob
what music form is the composition planet caravan ?	planet caravan
what is a compatible ingredient with the vegetarian cuisine	vegetarian cuisine
what is the title track from the recording cuba	cuba
what company is involved in working with prostate cancer	prostate cancer
who engineered shot in the back of the head	shot in the back of the head
which leader was the forum of caesar named after	forum of caesar
what is an instance of the juno award ceremony	juno award ceremony
what is a school color at seton high school	seton high school
what nationality is the axeman of new orleans ?	axeman of new orleans
what movie credits takeshi kitano as an executive producer	takeshi kitano
who was the author of science fiction special 35	science fiction special 35
which state is bryce canyon national park in ?	bryce canyon national park
where is the house of the spirits on netflix	the house of the spirits
what is the circulation areas of the bhutan times	bhutan times
what type of release was the album inception ?	inception
what is the release format of one track mind	one track mind
what type of music does the creature album plays	creature
what man was born in dallas , texas ?	dallas , texas
name a movie in the action film genre .	action film
what film is in the black-and-white film genre ?	black-and-white
what is a star system of 9907 oileus ?	9907 oileus
what hockey position does marty reasoner play in ?	marty reasoner
what movie genre is the west wittering affair ?	the west wittering affair
who edited memoirs of a geisha ( film )	memoirs of a geisha
which artist made the album the king of soul	the king of soul
what sport is luigi agnolin a sports official for	luigi agnolin
to what genre does the film candleshoe belong ?	candleshoe
which state in australia is colac , victoria located	colac , victoria
what kind of educational institution is mountain state university	mountain state university
which organizations did the sisters of mercy founded ?	sisters of mercy
what 's a popular destination in half moon bay	half moon bay
what format was the deutscher funk album released ?	deutscher funk
is the league of extraordinary gentlemen fiction or nonfiction	the league of extraordinary gentlemen
what country is michigan college of optometry in ?	michigan college of optometry
what county and state is the city muskego in	muskego
what was john mitchell kemble 's place of birth	john mitchell kemble
what kind of music does danny rampling make ?	danny rampling
what position in baseball does bob thorpe play ?	bob thorpe
what was the original game title for marble madness	marble madness
what kind of organization is post carbon institute ?	post carbon institute
what is the genre of stars kill rock ?	stars kill rock
what postal code does staunton , virginia use ?	staunton , virginia
which region was the release blueprint archive released in	blueprint archive
what song is from the release on fire ?	on fire
what is the profession of james clark ross ?	james clark ross
which genre of music is on the album smash	smash
who 's somebody that identifies with the castilian people	castilian people
what is the temperament of a kangal dog ?	kangal dog
what country does são joaquim de bicas lie in	são joaquim de bicas
what city and state is hitching corner contained by	hitching corner
what is the original language of warrior 's refuge	warrior 's refuge
which character comes out in the book after hours	after hours
what is the active moiety of formulation for ezetimibe	ezetimibe
what is the title name of a drama film	drama film
who is the author of the the craft movie	the craft
what is the name of an episode of endurance	endurance
who was a famous person that died from cancer	cancer
what is a song from mean old world album	mean old world
what is a song in the dear john album	dear john
what is a research area for maneesh agrawala ?	maneesh agrawala
which country was a woman taxi driver filmed in	a woman taxi driver
what group of people does catherine ashton belong to	catherine ashton
in what format is love for sale live play	love for sale live
what 's an example of an alternative rock release	alternative rock
what country does the postal code 06050 belong to	06050
in which us county is cerro gordo county found	cerro gordo county
what position does ed swartwood play in baseball ?	ed swartwood
where was a tale of two kitties released ?	a tale of two kitties
what is an example of a compilation album ?	compilation album
which city is aquinas college ( tennessee ) in	aquinas college
what is murat aslan most commonly known for ?	murat aslan
what kind of release did hier encore get ?	hier encore
what type of album is latino love songs ?	latino love songs
what is the genre for the tv program botines	botines
what was a release of the recording kobe ?	kobe
what type of album is the little bit gypsy	little bit gypsy
which start system does 2110 moore-sitterly belong to ?	2110 moore-sitterly
what kind of book is the end of work	the end of work
what style tv program is 21 jump street ?	21 jump street
what is a track by the artist oscar peterson	oscar peterson
what sort of music does still life decay perform	still life decay
what country is drums o ' voodoo filmed in	drums o ' voodoo
what 's inside east baton rouge parish , louisiana	east baton rouge parish
what format is fight the system ! in ?	fight the system !
what pink floyd album was a compilation album ?	compilation album
what city contains the san francisco cable car system	san francisco cable car system
which european city did john henry tudhope die in	john henry tudhope
what is the religion that romapada swami believes in	romapada swami
what 's one of the subjects of fahrenheit 451	fahrenheit 451
what type of show is window on main street	window on main street
what was the release type of mating call ?	mating call
which genre of music is made by siniestro total	siniestro total
which artist created the recording hungarian rhapsody no. 2	hungarian rhapsody no. 2
what kind of album is the blue note recordings	the blue note recordings
what is the name of a drug formulation ?	drug
what type of written work is algonquin legends ?	algonquin legends
what is one of dan donovan 's compositions ?	dan donovan
on what release can hard times be heard ?	hard times
what comic book series does professor x appear in	professor x
in which city did ludwig von wallmoden-gimborn die ?	ludwig von wallmoden-gimborn
what is the gender of peter berngardovich struve ?	peter berngardovich struve
which country released kim hie-gab 's confession of youth	kim hie-gab 's confession of youth
ellen kuras collaborated on these 3 short films .	ellen kuras
what 's an ad campaign focused on health care	health care
what kind of substance is trimethoprim hydrochloride 10 solution	trimethoprim hydrochloride 10 solution
which language is the nature of things in ?	the nature of things
which 2004 comedy film did don mckellar directed ?	don mckellar
name an island in the belcher islands group ?	belcher islands
what video game platform was ghostbusters released on ?	ghostbusters
what kind of movie is the netflix movie parc	parc
who was the cinematographer for elizabethtown ( film )	elizabethtown
i 'm afraid of americans is under what genre	i 'm afraid of americans
which film did eleanore griffin contribute film story to	eleanore griffin
what city is government college of technology in ?	government college of technology
what 's a hydrogen peroxide formula available in liquid	liquid
what object does ( 12201 ) 1981 ed12 orbit	( 12201 ) 1981 ed12
what 's a movie in the india netflix genre	india
what country was malouf abraham , sr. born to	malouf abraham , sr.
what is a track from the essential tracks list	essential tracks
what genre is the book circle of friends ?	circle of friends
what album did thad jones release in 1957 ?	album
which netflix genre is being brave with benjamin bear	being brave with benjamin bear
what films have been produced by jun lana ?	jun lana
what 's a release on pretty in pink	pretty in pink
what type of music does david ruffin play	david ruffin
where was padraic mcguinness 's place of death	padraic mcguinness
what is an album by herb alpert ?	herb alpert
what position does josé francisco torres play ?	josé francisco torres
what 's an episode directed by philip leacock	philip leacock
who did the music for the film taffin	taffin
which timezone is greenway township located in ?	greenway township
which baseball team belongs to intercounty baseball league	intercounty baseball league
what country released she gets out the scrapbook	she gets out the scrapbook
what is a book written about election ?	election
what character is of the vampire species ?	vampire
what genre is the movie half empty ?	half empty
what is an album recorded by scott grimes	scott grimes
what types of music is love and happiness	love and happiness
what is an album by guy clark ?	guy clark
name a book of the drama genre .	drama
which stadium do the wests tigers play in	wests tigers
what 's an example of a romance film	romance film
where was shigeyasu suzuki 's place of birth	shigeyasu suzuki
what is black sheep a notable type of	black sheep
where was paolo de la haza born ?	paolo de la haza
what kind of film is the rosary murders	the rosary murders
in which country was overnight delivery filmed in	overnight delivery
which film was directed by ian iqbal rashid	ian iqbal rashid
what kind of release is rework it ?	rework it
what type of film is raghuvinte swantham raziya	raghuvinte swantham raziya
in what rumanian county is runcu river located	runcu river
what style of msuic did john pizzarelli play	john pizzarelli
what is trond egil soltvedt 's birth place	trond egil soltvedt
what is the name of a boxing movie	boxing
which film was leslie charteris a writer on	leslie charteris
what is the mouth of the schuylkill river	schuylkill river
what religion is bhairava a deity in ?	bhairava
what is an organization founded by abraham lincoln	abraham lincoln
what format was one beat released as ?	one beat
what kind of music does liza quin play	liza quin
what was a release from no love lost	no love lost
who created the comic book series young avengers	young avengers
which state is the morgan township in ?	morgan township
who is the artist that created city horizon	city horizon
which position does brian dowling play in football	brian dowling
what is game version developed by microprose ?	microprose
what is the profession of julio medem ?	julio medem
what developer is behind the game afterlife ?	afterlife
what is the nationality of chris gwynn ?	chris gwynn
what country is kang-yeong shin a citizen of	kang-yeong shin
what type of animal is the budweiser clydesdales	budweiser clydesdales
which film is classified as a silent film	silent film
who edited little house in the big woods	little house in the big woods
what genre is the island of disco ensemble	the island of disco ensemble
what artist is signed with warner music group	warner music group
what is an example of a political satire	political satire
who is the main lyricist from everything dies	everything dies
which boxer was rated at the middleweight division	middleweight
what is a color of western michigan university	western michigan university
what 's the broadest genre that describes cockaboody	cockaboody
what type of film is dead sleep ?	dead sleep
what 's an example of a suspense book	suspense
what 's an active ingredient in fosaprepitant dimeglumine	fosaprepitant dimeglumine
who is an artist known for painting ?	painting
what type of film is kanyaka talkies ?	kanyaka talkies
what does carol kicinski do for her profession	carol kicinski
name a person who died from bleeding .	bleeding
what kinds of movie is the desperate hours	the desperate hours
what label is ace of base signed to	ace of base
which writing system is associated with biblical hebrew	biblical hebrew
is 2464 nordenskiöld a meteor or an asteroid	2464 nordenskiöld
whats a version of the game civilization ii	civilization ii
what type of music is dum dum girls	dum dum girls
what mountain range does humphreys peak belong to	humphreys peak
what 's a book about the united states	united states
which country is powell river located in ?	powell river
what type of construction does cornwall bridge have	cornwall bridge
what passes are in the san gabriel mountains	san gabriel mountains
what type of release was blues train ?	blues train
what kind of music is my paper kingdom	my paper kingdom
what type of license does newplymouth windwand have	newplymouth windwand
which radio station is stevie wonder featured on	stevie wonder
who recorded the album heart of the ocean	heart of the ocean
what type of film is harriet tubman ?	harriet tubman
what is an adaptation of la bohème called	la bohème
what type of film is son of godzilla	son of godzilla
what is the profession of connie wilkins ?	connie wilkins
the organization giant bicycles is what legal structure	giant bicycles
what country is oxford ring road in ?	oxford ring road
what school district is hillsborough high school in	hillsborough high school
what administrative type is located in can tho	can tho
what 's an album by jerry lee lewis	album
who wrote `` w '' is for wasted	`` w '' is for wasted
what are the books elfriede jelinek has authored	elfriede jelinek
name a track by the artist diplo .	diplo
what country did needful things take place in	needful things
what are noosa christian college 's colors ?	noosa christian college
what release is the track hard times from	hard times
which drug has chloride as an active ingredient	chloride
the film abduction was edited by whom ?	abduction
which artists is an alternative rock artist ?	alternative rock
what 's a movie written by val guest	val guest
what state is rend lake college in ?	rend lake college
which basin country is hinze dam located in	hinze dam
what is the gender of eberhard kinzel ?	eberhard kinzel
what is the name of a music program	music
which position is played by guillermo barros schelotto	guillermo barros schelotto
what film was produced by monogram pictures ?	monogram pictures
leo bertos was born in what country ?	leo bertos
what color is the drug gabapentin 400 capsule	gabapentin 400 capsule
what is a track from the recording manhattan	manhattan
what was susan l. taylor 's profession ?	susan l. taylor
what was the profession of peter hollingworth ?	peter hollingworth
who is a french artist famous for painting	painting
name a neighborhood in san francisco bay area	san francisco bay area
what kinds of music is created by rootwater	rootwater
who 's a character that tracy hickman created	tracy hickman
what is a play produced by richard winkler	richard winkler
what track is diamond a recording of ?	diamond
who is the videogame developer of roc'n rope	roc'n rope
what was joseph-ferdinand daniel 's place of death	joseph-ferdinand daniel
what type of composition is the star-spangled banner	the star-spangled banner
which album is a death metal album ?	death metal
what film genre is the movie panic ?	panic
what is an album by ernest tubb ?	ernest tubb
what american football position does jason jones play	jason jones
who is the record label for hot tuna	hot tuna
what 's a short film released in 2012	short film
what nation is harry werner storz originally from	harry werner storz
who wrote the story for the wrestlers ?	the wrestlers
what county is east peoria , illinois in	east peoria , illinois
what 's a gameplay mode in silhouette mirage	silhouette mirage
which version is part of dungeon keeper 3	dungeon keeper 3
what was the soundtrack for the movie ponyo	ponyo
which canadian city was william southam born in	william southam
what is the nationality of vladimir baksheyev ?	vladimir baksheyev
what type of music is attention shoppers !	attention shoppers !
what theater is in city of westminster ?	city of westminster
what is an example of a public university	public university
what genre of music is dj nelson ?	dj nelson
what is a track made by johnny burnette	johnny burnette
what 's a eurodance by ian van dahl	eurodance
the other california is classified as what subject	the other california
what is titanium dioxide 0.06 emulsion classified as	titanium dioxide 0.06 emulsion
which position in football did lee ho-jin play	lee ho-jin
which holiday songs did billy vaughn sing ?	billy vaughn
who composed the music for the salamander ?	the salamander
what track is triangle a recording of ?	triangle
who was a famous person born in gwalior	gwalior
what kind of music is christy carlson romano	christy carlson romano
name a real example of a regiment .	regiment
what is an album by phil manzanera ?	phil manzanera
what is an edition of crime and punishment	crime and punishment
what asteroid group is 43706 iphiklos part of	43706 iphiklos
what is a track by liesbeth list ?	liesbeth list
what is the gender of william winchester claytor	william winchester claytor
what kind of netflix title is doctor dolittle	doctor dolittle
what is the active ingredient in tolbutamide ?	tolbutamide
what 's an edition of the book momo	momo
what form of music is symphony no. 36	symphony no. 36
who is the famous father of jack carter	jack carter
whats the original language for the book ug	ug
what is the gender of karl-heinz käfer ?	karl-heinz käfer
what is the nationality of louise latimer ?	louise latimer
what company is known as limited liability company	limited liability company
name a book published by kessinger publishing .	kessinger publishing
what is a track on way of life	way of life
the invisible is what type of album ?	the invisible
which language is spoken in voices from el-sayed	voices from el-sayed
what is a spanish language title on netflix	spanish language
who was a first baseman in the mlb	first baseman
what is the genre of the film kalyug	kalyug
what radio station did ernest tubb appear in	ernest tubb
what place was founded by storm model management	storm model management
what type of album is radio from ?	radio
who is the subject of the movie cleopatra	cleopatra
name a track from vincent van gogh .	vincent van gogh
what 's a fiction book released in 1994	fiction
what 's a second level division in brazil	brazil
what kind of game is tintin in tibet	tintin in tibet
what type of music does paul kendall create	paul kendall
dummoor is a city in what country ?	dummoor
which guitarist is represented by columbia records ?	columbia records
what country does the ellice river run through	ellice river
what topic does rebels in hell talks about	rebels in hell
what film did the irish film board produce	irish film board
what european country is fanny straw hair from	fanny straw hair
which college has a alpha tau omega chapter	alpha tau omega
which gender does joseph satoshi fukahori belong to	joseph satoshi fukahori
what is andy bowen 's weight division ?	andy bowen
what film was produced by carlo ponti ?	carlo ponti
what position is fernando ribeiro fernandes charged of	fernando ribeiro fernandes
which artist recorded somethin ' slick ! ?	somethin ' slick !
what movie is produced by walt disney pictures	walt disney pictures
what is the profession of aaron pointer ?	aaron pointer
what kind of object is 34419 corning ?	34419 corning
name an artist from radioio 80s pop .	radioio 80s pop
what kind of music does yoon bomi play	yoon bomi
what language was used for the golden fortress	the golden fortress
who was the artist for let her fly	let her fly
what court does louis lebel reside over ?	louis lebel
what is a documentary film on netflix ?	documentary film
what place did the pennsylvania state police found	pennsylvania state police
what film did bob kane contribute to ?	bob kane
what is a composition by gus kahn ?	gus kahn
what style of music does mariella farré sign	mariella farré
what type of music does barış manço play	barış manço
what is record label of the artist oöphoi	oöphoi
which airline travels through afonso pena international airport	afonso pena international airport
what type of space object is 20553 donaldhowk	20553 donaldhowk
where did haim amsalem begin his life ?	haim amsalem
whats the language for the film frøken kirkemus	frøken kirkemus
what is content recorded by the delfonics ?	the delfonics
what song is from the bad education album	bad education
what language is the film love hurts in	love hurts
what 's a song from all about us	all about us
what kind of music is the album intercontinental	intercontinental
who is an artist that plays psychedelic rock	psychedelic rock
which city was elisabeth nunziato born in ?	elisabeth nunziato
where in berlin was cascando performed at ?	cascando
what is discussed in the show market wrap	market wrap
which play is a musical theatre play ?	musical theatre
what subject is the book erotic massage about	erotic massage
what kind of craft does mond crucifixion present	mond crucifixion
what city did henry gellibrand pass away in	henry gellibrand
what form is the complete studio albums 1970-1990	the complete studio albums 1970-1990
what is a vampire show on netflix ?	vampire
what is the genre for the book players	players
what type of music does kati kovács perform	kati kovács
what is the name of a live album	live album
what country is poochini 's yard from ?	poochini 's yard
what state is riga township located in ?	riga township
which musical style does wretched fall under ?	wretched
where was bernadette strachan born in europe ?	bernadette strachan
what episode is in larry doyle 's portfolio	larry doyle
how is hops 0.05 injectable solution administered ?	hops 0.05 injectable solution
what is a lee child book about espionage	espionage
what is an album made by percy sledge	percy sledge
what is a song version from massachusetts ?	massachusetts
what is an island in marquesas islands ?	marquesas islands
what player plays as a midfielder in football	midfielder
who was involved in the napoleonic wars ?	napoleonic wars
where is andhra university college of engineering located	andhra university college of engineering
what is the subject of northwoods wildlife ?	northwoods wildlife
what is the topic of memories of summer	memories of summer
what is the sex of william hamley ?	william hamley
what netflix category does macao fall under ?	macao
what time zone is trenton located in ?	trenton
name a city in the united states .	united states
what does david wiesner do for a living	david wiesner
eastwitch is a city located in what country	eastwitch
who is the artist of o holy night	o holy night
what sort of music does bahram dehghanyar play	bahram dehghanyar
what country is mukoma ngugi originally from ?	mukoma ngugi
what language is featured in port of call	port of call
who is an artist that performs glam metal	glam metal
what games has ea digital illusions ce developed	ea digital illusions ce
what is the nationality of shan serafin ?	shan serafin
which fictional character was based on bob gaudio	bob gaudio
what movie is classified as a foreign film	foreign
what is responsible for paul newlan 's death	paul newlan
which iowa county is webster located in ?	webster
what is a peripheral supported by krakout ?	krakout
what kind of music does pete briggs play	pete briggs
what is the original language of caragialeta bis	caragialeta bis
what publishing company published the book the cleansing	the cleansing
who was the artist behind living legends music	living legends music
what is a track released from problem child	problem child
who was the executive producer of strange triangle	strange triangle
what type of music is on ricochet ?	ricochet
what track is euthanasia a recording of ?	euthanasia
what kind of game is full auto ?	full auto
what county is mount calvary located in ?	mount calvary
in what category is mickey rourke classified ?	mickey rourke
who 's a person born in sydney ?	sydney
what type of album is wake the sleeper	wake the sleeper
who is someone that was born in stockholm	stockholm
who is a person that died from epilepsy	epilepsy
where was dave digs disney originally released ?	dave digs disney
what is a song by sly and robbie	sly and robbie
who received the credits for r. d. blackmore	r. d. blackmore
where was the body of daniel sickles buried	daniel sickles
what genre is outrageous acts and everyday rebellions	outrageous acts and everyday rebellions
what is the marketed version of methocarbamol ?	methocarbamol
what celestial body does 4689 donn orbit ?	4689 donn
who was the child of margarethe janenz ?	margarethe janenz
what is the gender of patsy rowlands ?	patsy rowlands
what is a type of boarding school ?	boarding school
what is an example of a station wagon	station wagon
what types of music is shocking loud voice	shocking loud voice
who is the developer of kaloki adventure ?	kaloki adventure
what town is located in province of cosenza	province of cosenza
what is the gender of jabari asim ?	jabari asim
who produced the street of forgotten men ?	the street of forgotten men
name a person who was born in helsinki	helsinki
which harvard graduate is notable in bioinformatics ?	bioinformatics
which former dutch footballer was born in amsterdam	amsterdam
whats the name of an indie rock performer	indie rock
what is a position played by martin wagner	martin wagner
what is the title track on another day	another day
what tv actor was born in konstanz ?	konstanz
what is the name of a downtempo artist	downtempo
what city are the sebring career schools located	sebring career schools
culler is a city in what state ?	culler
which area is located in the united states	united states
where in france did daniel singer pass away	daniel singer
what is a track from broken arrow ?	broken arrow
what type of art did homer watson create	homer watson
what us state is glendale found in ?	glendale
what is a film directed by jasmeet dhodhi	jasmeet dhodhi
what song was the soundtrack mrs. doubtfire from	mrs. doubtfire
what is the origin of tommy torres ?	tommy torres
what is the netflix genre of battle royale	battle royale
which constellation is hd 157753 a part of	hd 157753
what company operates in the computer software industry	computer software
who composed leaving for the promised land ?	leaving for the promised land
who 's a notable screenwriter from tel aviv	screenwriter
name a woman who works as an actress	actress
which genre is the film town tamer in	town tamer
what city does the river trent flow through	river trent
which play is in the genre musical theatre	musical theatre
what state is german-american bank building located in	german-american bank building
where in asia was yun-ho kim born ?	yun-ho kim
which korean air flight was in an accident	korean air
which release track was released in beverly hills	beverly hills
which modes does atv offroad fury 3 have	atv offroad fury 3
whose death was caused by myocardial infarction ?	myocardial infarction
what is the make for bmw m6 ?	bmw m6
what pop singer was born in albania ?	albania
name a city in the united states .	united states
what kind of music does mike mareen produce	mike mareen
what was christopher cary 's place of birth	christopher cary
what is the republican congress 's political ideology	republican congress
which film was produced by abu dhabi media	abu dhabi media
what member is a global user group ?	global user group
what kind of album is sheet music ?	sheet music
what 's an episode written by bob odenkirk	bob odenkirk
what genre is captain pirate under on netflix	captain pirate
where is gila county / winkelman town located	gila county / winkelman town
who was the director for why george !	why george !
what position does pat dillard play in baseball	pat dillard
which record is part of battle of waterloo	battle of waterloo
who wrote the film home of the brave	home of the brave
where is the movie music for madame from	music for madame
who is the composer for set it off	set it off
what is the profession of soomi lee ?	soomi lee
which language was imajica orginally written in ?	imajica
what type of celestial object is 4733 oro	4733 oro
which noteworthy person was born in rennes ?	rennes
who was a character with the bartender occupation	bartender
what film did sutanu gupta write for ?	sutanu gupta
the track another day is from what album	another day
what position does todd esselmont play in hockey	todd esselmont
what is the name of a action-adventure game	action-adventure game
the album immortal is included in what genre	immortal
what album featured the recording of another day	another day
name a film in the supernatural film genre	supernatural
which track was in the recording heavy metal	heavy metal
what is located in amrita vishwa vidyapeetham ?	amrita vishwa vidyapeetham
what type of album is russian sketches ?	russian sketches
what type of music does sexual beast perform	sexual beast
what position does ryan richter currently play ?	ryan richter
what county does happy hill belong to ?	happy hill
who wrote the tv episode called not landing	not landing
what country was nascar in primetime broadcasted in	nascar in primetime
in what language is the film foundry town	foundry town
name an artist who composes samba music .	samba
what kind of show is all in ?	all in
where was joseph luns 's place of death	joseph luns
what is the title of a soundtrack album	soundtrack
what is the how karpov wins book about	how karpov wins
which organization was the fictional character chamber from	chamber
what is warsaw chopin airport a hub for	warsaw chopin airport
what is the release track on the future	the future
where was the movie villa ! ! filmed	villa ! !
where was louis agassiz shaw , jr. born	louis agassiz shaw , jr.
what is the temperament of the tibetan mastiff	tibetan mastiff
what is a recording from the haiti composition	haiti
what is a track on the cardinal release	cardinal
what is the artist siouxsie sioux 's genre	siouxsie sioux
what is a city located in vigo county	vigo county
continental drift is what genre of book ?	continental drift
who is a person of the poles ethnicity	poles
what city did ralph fox pass away ?	ralph fox
what language is the black box filmed ?	the black box
what mountain range is granite pass in ?	granite pass
what is the gender of ron canada ?	ron canada
what 's a major hub for kosova airlines	kosova airlines
what genre of music is the album empire	empire
what genre is the film borrow my crew	borrow my crew
which time zone does strasburg belong to ?	strasburg
what type of bridge is mezcala bridge ?	mezcala bridge
what is tom urbani 's position is baseball	tom urbani
what is darashaw nosherwan wadia 's nationality ?	darashaw nosherwan wadia
what sort of music is featured on recitation	recitation
who was the composer for tears of rage	tears of rage
what type of album is a shining symbol	a shining symbol
which genre of music did salem associate with	salem
what is mr. sunshine a notable example of	mr. sunshine
what works have been written by ted dekker	ted dekker
which country is responsible for the film breath	breath
what album is quiet storm a song on	quiet storm
what kind of film is secret service ?	secret service
whats the location of jurriaan andriessen 's death	jurriaan andriessen
what kind of book is murder by tradition	murder by tradition
what larger neighborhood does port richmond belong to	port richmond
what album was deep purple released on ?	deep purple
what is the canonical version of bewitched ?	bewitched
which country is parijat ( writer ) from	parijat
what time zone does patton village belong to	patton village
what is gregory monro a notable type of	gregory monro
which book belongs to the fiction literary genre	fiction
what genre of music does buddha bless produce	buddha bless
what compilation album did osvaldo pugliese release ?	compilation album
what kind of car is the dodge aries	dodge aries
what is a work by peter f. hamilton	peter f. hamilton
which theatre does dirty rotten scoundrels perform at	dirty rotten scoundrels
name a release from the album happy hollow	happy hollow
what is a position found in ice hockey	ice hockey
which album is in the folk rock genre	folk rock
which diet is lump crabmeat incompatible with ?	lump crabmeat
what type of artist is birchville cat motel	birchville cat motel
what city did the poudre school district serve	poudre school district
who is a rhythm and blues artist ?	rhythm and blues
where in the world is bishop stuart university	bishop stuart university
what gender group does susan owens belong to	susan owens
what is an example of a sports game	sports game
which genre of film is no ordinary love	no ordinary love
what type of rock is doppelgänger categorized as	doppelgänger
who is the director of dying changes everything	dying changes everything
what was jimmy starr 's place of birth	jimmy starr
which war did neil hamilton fairley get involved	neil hamilton fairley
where does the millstone river originate at ?	millstone river
which city is river dee , aberdeenshire in	river dee , aberdeenshire
what country produced the album back in line	back in line
what is the language spoken in nightmare city	nightmare city
what genre is the film dancing lion ?	dancing lion
this is the ethnicity of lynette boggs .	lynette boggs
what genre of music is près de toi	près de toi
what film was shown at 2008 filmfest hamburg	2008 filmfest hamburg
which city is the mike flowers pops from	the mike flowers pops
where are the dirt drifters originally from ?	the dirt drifters
what is aneek dhar 's place of birth	aneek dhar
whats a campuses that belongs to parker university	parker university
whats the name of a law enforcement agency	law enforcement agency
what format was la mia risposta released in	la mia risposta
what kind of movie is waiting for yesterday	waiting for yesterday
what is emmanuelle laborit known for being ?	emmanuelle laborit
name someone who was interred at westminster abbey	westminster abbey
what movie was produced by hal roach ?	hal roach
what place of worship is in himachal pradesh	himachal pradesh
is prinsesa ng banyera a drama or comedy	prinsesa ng banyera
what nation is prashant john originally from ?	prashant john
which position was ching-ming wang known for playing	ching-ming wang
what is the software genre of openoffice base	openoffice base
who 's an advisor for robert s. shankland	robert s. shankland
what city did lou perryman die in ?	lou perryman
where is 62nd regiment indiana infantry from ?	62nd regiment indiana infantry
who is the author of amazing grace ?	amazing grace
what kind of film is the movie brazil	brazil
how was the magic of alma cogan released	the magic of alma cogan
what county is smithville a part of ?	smithville
what is the nationality of gerardo esquivel ?	gerardo esquivel
what kinds of movie is razor blade smile	razor blade smile
where did st. gerard majella annual novena die	st. gerard majella annual novena
which artist is signed with delicious vinyl ?	delicious vinyl
what 's one of the tracks on terraform	terraform
what kind of artist is jock bartley ?	jock bartley
what 's an example of a live album	live album
what is a track on the release meatland	meatland
what genre does american music club belong to	american music club
what country is automeca technical college located ?	automeca technical college
which art medium is jack crabtree known for	jack crabtree
what 's an album featuring ludwig van beethoven	ludwig van beethoven
what 's a show made by edmond hamilton	edmond hamilton
who is a manga series is neptuneman in	neptuneman
what country is jessica nichols a citizen of	jessica nichols
what movie is jon avnet credited for producing	jon avnet
what is reda el amrani known for ?	reda el amrani
what tv show is food an episode of	food
what genre of music does ney mello create	ney mello
who is a founder of grolier club ?	grolier club
what is the name of an action film	action film
who is the writer of chance and necessity	chance and necessity
what is a film created by mosfilm ?	mosfilm
who made the music for the mexican suitcase	the mexican suitcase
which county is cold spring harbor light located	cold spring harbor light
what type of music does switchblade symphony create	switchblade symphony
what format was concierto de aranjuez released as	concierto de aranjuez
which country is knockaround guys filmed in ?	knockaround guys
what music genre does xavier montsalvatge perform ?	xavier montsalvatge
what film was eric boyd-perkins the editor of	eric boyd-perkins
what type of art did filippo bellini do	filippo bellini
what is a film in the comedy-drama genre	comedy-drama
what type of movie is the new guy	new guy
what is an album by ronnie milsap ?	ronnie milsap
what 's a book about the united states	united states
what is the gender of micah lawrence ?	micah lawrence
what film is tim burton known for directing	tim burton
what label is the skeletal family under ?	skeletal family
where did prince carlos of bourbon-two sicilies die	prince carlos of bourbon-two sicilies
in which conflict did frederick benteen participate in	frederick benteen
who was a big influence of william gibson	william gibson
who founded joint united nations programme on hiv/aids	joint united nations programme on hiv/aids
what feature does the hotel del sol have	hotel del sol
what kind of film is la commare secca	la commare secca
bigshot is a film from what country ?	bigshot
which time zone does dovray belong to ?	dovray
on what station is suzi quatro played on	suzi quatro
what is the nationality of ashanti alston ?	ashanti alston
what is the nationality of emilio comte ?	emilio comte
what genre of music does catfish keith produce	catfish keith
what track is by son of man ?	son of man
which country is the famous jett jackson from	the famous jett jackson
what does kolorz 27.2 foam aerosol taste like	kolorz 27.2 foam aerosol
what color is spironolactone 25 film coated tablet	spironolactone 25 film coated tablet
what 's an example of a drama film	drama film
who was born in new york city ?	new york city
what caused the death of martin gabel ?	martin gabel
foo fighters produce what genre of music ?	foo fighters
what types of movie is lumo in netflix	lumo
which language was red angel originally made in	red angel
what 's an album from alien sex fiend	alien sex fiend
what kind of mountain is the ida ridge	ida ridge
what is a track from no frills ?	no frills
what is giovanni tuccari 's place of death	giovanni tuccari
what is the profession of caitlin dahl ?	caitlin dahl
where is the japanese chin breed from ?	japanese chin
brad wilk is under which record label ?	brad wilk
which album was produced by george frideric handel	george frideric handel
what is the name of a forward player	forward
which football position is played by winston marshall	winston marshall
which artist released the album toots thielemans ?	toots thielemans
what type of rocket engine uses rp-1 ?	rp-1
what track is from the release backseat travelling	backseat travelling
what album has gunshot as the release track	gunshot
what does eva marcille do for a living	eva marcille
what genre is the dark man and others	the dark man and others
who was the composer for hoodoo voodoo ?	hoodoo voodoo
which film festival was the beaver shown in	the beaver
what kind of license does andrew johnson hold	andrew johnson
what type of film is khoon pasina ?	khoon pasina
what film genre is the hudsucker proxy ?	the hudsucker proxy
who is an artist of nu metal ?	nu metal
what time zone is brzeg located in ?	brzeg
what kind of diet does pippa black have	pippa black
what style of music does james labrie perform	james labrie
what is a song on kiss + swallow	kiss + swallow
what album is by jayceon terrell taylor ?	jayceon terrell taylor
where in mississippi was nathaniel h. harris born	nathaniel h. harris
what is henri la fontaine known for ?	henri la fontaine
what kind of movie was love and courage	love and courage
which city has the area code 585 ?	area code 585
which footballer was born in canton of nidwalden	canton of nidwalden
what is rajiv shah 's ethnic background ?	rajiv shah
what is the main profession of jim huber	jim huber
in what format was the singles collection released	the singles collection
what type of music does dan mullins make	dan mullins
which war did harley sanford jones participate in	harley sanford jones
what type of aircraft is shenyang j-11 ?	shenyang j-11
in which language is the kavi movie spoken	kavi
what 's a compilation album released in 2008	compilation album
who is a jazz musician from the 1930s	jazz
which country does shimako iwai have nationality in	shimako iwai
what group of people live in humayra abedin	humayra abedin
what type of film is colored pencil ?	colored pencil
where in japan was maimi yajima born ?	maimi yajima
what type of book is written in venom	written in venom
what structure can you find in united kingdom	united kingdom
what book is a speculative fiction genre ?	speculative fiction
who is the artist that recorded reunion ?	reunion
what is edwin r. murray 's ethnicity ?	edwin r. murray
what airport is found in glynn county ?	glynn county
what type of release did warriors have ?	warriors
who is the founder of gap inc. ?	gap inc.
what is the best of the emi years	the best of the emi years
which area is served by the station kelv-ld	kelv-ld
what war was frederick j. karch apart of	frederick j. karch
what kind of album is phir hera pheri	phir hera pheri
what was billy walton 's football position ?	billy walton
what language was used in the film sharfik	sharfik
what is the release type of unpleasantville ?	unpleasantville
which professional footballer was born in liverpool ?	liverpool
where was the death place of dan gerrity	dan gerrity
what film was mervyn leroy the director of	mervyn leroy
what release is little red rooster from ?	little red rooster
what type of music does eric gravátt perform	eric gravátt
what country made the film dahmer vs. gacy	dahmer vs. gacy
name a star in the constellation of carina	star
which genre does the film mazloom belong to	mazloom
where city in minnesota was catharine mackinnon born	catharine mackinnon
what 's one game that id software designed	id software
what film was david grisman the music contributor	david grisman
what are franklin high school 's school colors	franklin high school
what is the subject of taking responsibility ?	taking responsibility
what is the gender of walter gerth ?	walter gerth
what kind of music does doomtree make ?	doomtree
who directed the pilot episode of dellaventura ?	pilot
who manufacturers acid reducer original strength 10 tablet	acid reducer original strength 10 tablet
what album was stranger in town released as	stranger in town
what type of rugby does kris welham play	kris welham
which country is everest college-san bernardino located in	everest college-san bernardino
who was henry norris russell influenced by ?	henry norris russell
who was a producer on a new morning	a new morning
which war did egon erwin kisch attend to	egon erwin kisch
which region is zyphe language spoken in ?	zyphe language
what hindi movie was directed by sudarshan nag	hindi
what 's a version of the single connecticut	connecticut
who wrote the sex life of the polyp	the sex life of the polyp
which string instruments does eddy clearwater play ?	eddy clearwater
what is the country of origin of lightfields	lightfields
what songs on are close to human ?	close to human
what is sir francis fox 's gender ?	sir francis fox
what are the colors of phi kappa sigma	phi kappa sigma
tomasz adamek is in what weight class ?	tomasz adamek
what is the cause of death for suharto	suharto
what is the name of a blues-rock album	blues-rock
what genre of music does autumn play ?	autumn
what is a type of musical film ?	musical
what kind of ride is green dragon ?	green dragon
what is the profession of henry kisor ?	henry kisor
what country was eagles live released in ?	eagles live
is david alper a male or a female	david alper
what is the film genre for bucktown ?	bucktown
in what region was complete best released ?	complete best
what is the recording from the track berlin	berlin
what 's a compilation album by rod stewartt	compilation album
what is the track for the recording free	free
what type of music does towanda braxton perform	towanda braxton
what form was the x factor released in	the x factor
which country was first things first released in	first things first
what country would you find possum kingdom lake	possum kingdom lake
what genre is the album the papercut chronicles	the papercut chronicles
in what mountain range would you find hewitt	hewitt
what is a track released by don henry	don henry
which position does ethan albright play in football	ethan albright
what is butch cassidy known for being ?	butch cassidy
what kind of book is magic street ?	magic street
what war was robert lawrence leopold involved in	robert lawrence leopold
what kind of music does the lookouts create	the lookouts
to what committee is john linder a member	john linder
what type of gameplay mode is maelstrom ?	maelstrom
what player plays as a goalkeeper in football	goalkeeper
who is the record label of boysetsfire ?	boysetsfire
what major city is e 77 road in	e 77 road
what kind of art is the duo ?	the duo
who is a driver from robby gordon motorsports	robby gordon motorsports
what release did the recording freestyle come from	freestyle
what is tommaso da modena 's nationality ?	tommaso da modena
what 's an example of a compilation album	compilation album
what country is georgi yumatov a citizen of	georgi yumatov
what kind of music does warbringer do ?	warbringer
name someone famous who was born in athens	athens
what is the ethnicity of c. n. annadurai	c. n. annadurai
what kind of film is chigger ale ?	chigger ale
whats the name of patricia patrick 's daughter	patricia patrick
what is the country of origin of haven	haven
which language family does duke language belong to	duke language
what is a sub category of electric motor	electric motor
what type of organization is unite here ?	unite here
what film is produced by gurinder chadha ?	gurinder chadha
what types of movie is fatty 's flirtation	fatty 's flirtation
what song is on the film the bluffers	the bluffers
which track was released by animals blues years	animals blues years
what is the category of 10806 mexico ?	10806 mexico
what artist recorded grindin ' ( remix )	grindin ' ( remix )
name a composer for the film jacob ?	jacob
what kind of game is the tower sp	the tower sp
the guitar is what type of movie ?	the guitar
what county is oak grove located in ?	oak grove
what city was niki de saint phalle born	niki de saint phalle
what film genre is teddy at the throttle	teddy at the throttle
what position does dwayne hay play in hockey	dwayne hay
what is the name of a sports game	sports game
which region of earth speaks the bwanabwana language	bwanabwana language
what country was the coast of folly filmed	the coast of folly
who is someone involved in world war ii	world war ii
which artist made the album still the baddest	still the baddest
what is an album released by woody herman	woody herman
what is a song that jeff danna sings	jeff danna
what is a prevention factor of reperfusion injury	reperfusion injury
what is an asteroid in the solar system	solar system
who directed i think i love my wife	i think i love my wife
what is the medical condition treated with diclofenac	diclofenac
what is the software genre of autodesk inventor	autodesk inventor
what type of music is on ra ?	ra
which politician was born in new westminster ?	new westminster
where is the university of novi sad located	university of novi sad
what song is on from the recording diamond	diamond
what form of art does chris steele-perkins create	chris steele-perkins
name a hurricane in 2001 atlantic hurricane season	2001 atlantic hurricane season
what is a form of the drug alprazolam	alprazolam
what is the color of delta state university	delta state university
what 's a medicinal spray that uses dopamine	dopamine
which action film was filmed in 1939 ?	action film
what is the nationality of lambros lambrou ?	lambros lambrou
what is the automotive classification for peugeot 4007	peugeot 4007
what does tom caltabiano do for a living	tom caltabiano
which city in california was elonka dunin born	elonka dunin
which country is philip ii of france from	philip ii of france
what 's an example of a live album	live album
what canadian city was howard cable birthed in	howard cable
which city is the r50 road located in	r50 road
in what language is royal warriors film spoken	royal warriors
which photographer and artist was born in yonkers	yonkers
where is conservatory of recording arts and sciences	conservatory of recording arts and sciences
what is a location within morro bay ?	morro bay
who produced green lights and blue skies ?	green lights and blue skies
what type of album was all tied up	all tied up
who published tiger woods 99 pga tour golf	tiger woods 99 pga tour golf
what is a one of chaos super powers	chaos
which england district is aldworth located in ?	aldworth
who is a female character from wall-e ?	female
what artistic outlet is show boat performed ?	show boat
who is someone that has died from stroke	stroke
what is an example of an animation program	animation
what is the profession of jonathan ealam ?	jonathan ealam
what sort of music does kevin skinner perform	kevin skinner
which country does jimmy pham have nationality in	jimmy pham
who is a child of george gilbert scott	george gilbert scott
what kind of show is the space sentinels	space sentinels
what was the profession of joan le mesurier	joan le mesurier
what does kenneth martin use in his art	kenneth martin
what is country did fanni gyarmati originate from	fanni gyarmati
what country does morten rasmussen have nationality in	morten rasmussen
audrey williams performs which genre of music ?	audrey williams
what kind of music most accurately classifies syrian	syrian
what is a recording of nova scotia ?	nova scotia
what is an episode from the flintstones ?	the flintstones
what label is artist paul barker signed to	paul barker
who is an individual born in katerini ?	katerini
what kind of metal music does tool make	tool
which string instrument does seth lakeman play ?	seth lakeman
who 's an actor killed by myocardial infarction	myocardial infarction
where is the musical journey originally from ?	the musical journey
what subject is written in science and ethics	science and ethics
what film is produced by til schweiger ?	til schweiger
what type of film is gentlemen broncos ?	gentlemen broncos
which 1939 movie was directed by john brahm	john brahm
which album has the track mona lisa ?	mona lisa
what type of school is whitworth university ?	whitworth university
cocoon is a notable type of what ?	cocoon
what kind of music does amina figarova prepare	amina figarova
which album was done by the artist lit	lit
which artist created lynyrd skynyrd : solo flytes	lynyrd skynyrd : solo flytes
which country made the film dead by dawn	dead by dawn
what biographical film was released in 1983 ?	biographical film
what does barrow neurological institute specialize in ?	barrow neurological institute
which country was my own boogie released in	my own boogie
what position in football does darnell dockett play	darnell dockett
where in california did jack m. warner die	jack m. warner
what is the origin of the audition ?	the audition
what is zoi voudouri country of nationality ?	zoi voudouri
name the subject of the book sea room	sea room
what is the release track on the game	the game
who is the composer of in high places	in high places
what is the profession of matthias glasner ?	matthias glasner
what sort of film is our daily bread	our daily bread
what type of school is uzhhorod national university	uzhhorod national university
what label does ronnie foster record with ?	ronnie foster
name someone who was born in hong kong	hong kong
what is the active moieties in hydrocortisone/phenyl trimethicone	hydrocortisone/phenyl trimethicone
whats a track from the release also rising	also rising
what 's a song featured on autumn leaves	autumn leaves
what caused the death of brett heinicke ?	brett heinicke
which country was affected by tropical storm claudette	tropical storm claudette
ghetto story is what type of genre ?	ghetto story
who published the game taito memories joukan ?	taito memories joukan
what gender does betty luster identify as ?	betty luster
what type of film is the factory ?	the factory
what is the position that john ake plays	john ake
what is the profession of maja ostaszewska ?	maja ostaszewska
what is jean jacques clark parent 's nationality	jean jacques clark parent
what kind of music is cure for pain	cure for pain
who is the album home invasion by ?	home invasion
what is the nationality of claudia lonow ?	claudia lonow
which film was done in the black-and-white genre	black-and-white
what is the book genre of soft focus	soft focus
what is a biggest holiday in united states	united states
who is an israel football player plays forward	forward
what 's a release from the recoring fall	fall
what position did football player glenn poole play	glenn poole
what kind of music does nico constantine sing	nico constantine
is 7075 sadovnichij a comet or an asteroid	7075 sadovnichij
name a public school ( government funded )	public school
which quintin jardine book qualifies as literary fiction	fiction
what 's a track from the recording earth	earth
what are the track names on just falling	just falling
what state is interdenominational theological center located in	interdenominational theological center
what is an example of private school ?	private school
what country is on the line filmed in	on the line
what sector is under the organization clout ?	clout
what is khan shein kunwar 's profession ?	khan shein kunwar
which genre is bricks are heavy associated with	bricks are heavy
in which armed conflict did roderick mcgregor participate	roderick mcgregor
what book has physics as its primary subject	physics
what 's a non canonical version of manhattan	manhattan
what genre of film is luck in ?	luck
where is mick galloway 's place of birth	mick galloway
who is the cinematographer of the shawshank redemption	the shawshank redemption
which type of celestial object is 3916 maeva	3916 maeva
what is football position of bruno lança andrade	bruno lança andrade
who created the lyrics for shrek the musical	shrek the musical
what is a song from wendy moten ?	wendy moten
where is valter palm 's place of death	valter palm
who wrote the musical score for sssshhh ...	sssshhh ...
what genre of music is cluster 71 considered	cluster
what company was named after nikola tesla ?	nikola tesla
what genre is the band the white stripes	the white stripes
what state is wapsipinicon river partially contained by	wapsipinicon river
which album did the artist the weavers make	the weavers
which community is alcaucín a part of ?	alcaucín
what type of rugby does adam hughes play	adam hughes
who is a military leader born in cannobio	cannobio
what is the color of trandolapril 2 tablet	trandolapril 2 tablet
what state is st. johns river located in	st. johns river
which ingredient is contained of carbogen 5/95 gas	carbogen 5/95 gas
north panhandle is a neighborhood of what city	north panhandle
what type of music does marilyn rovell perform	marilyn rovell
name a western ( genre ) film .	western
what tracks are on life goes on ?	life goes on
which state can you find travellers rest in	travellers rest
which landing is found in yalobusha county ?	yalobusha county
what games have been published by activision blizzard	activision blizzard
is evilenko a animation or crime fiction film	evilenko
name a practice done by the zen religion	zen
what notable athlete was born in curitiba ?	curitiba
what color is sydney roosters team colors ?	sydney roosters
which country 's main language is seberuang language	seberuang language
who 's a musician that plays metalcore ?	metalcore
what is a recording of a christmas carol	a christmas carol
what is a the game version of bioshock	bioshock
what play was composed by pyotr ilyich tchaikovsky	pyotr ilyich tchaikovsky
what 's a song featured on diana ross	diana ross
is divine light a remix or studio album	divine light
where is north america is williams creek located	williams creek
who wrote lyrics to i saw the light	i saw the light
what is a release produced by dave wyndorf	dave wyndorf
which language is used in warera no jidai	warera no jidai
what type of album is bicho baile show	bicho baile show
what position does fernando ricksen play at ?	fernando ricksen
which city was owen cathcart-jones born in ?	owen cathcart-jones
what position does football player tomáš necid play	tomáš necid
what is the profession of bethany johnson ?	bethany johnson
what 's the subject of wong on dice	wong on dice
who is the artist of battle hymns mmxi	battle hymns mmxi
what californian city was michael j. mcculley born	michael j. mcculley
what genre is the artist brian robertson ?	brian robertson
what is 11017 billputnam a part of ?	11017 billputnam
what eastern country contains hana gregorová 's nationality	hana gregorová
what is the categorical name of 4170 semmelweis	4170 semmelweis
which country does elizabeth larner have nationality in	elizabeth larner
what book is written by agatha christie ?	agatha christie
what language is spoken in journey of hope	journey of hope
what asteroid was found in la silla observatory	la silla observatory
name a restaurant that serves american food ?	american food
in what language is the tv show jot	jot
what kind of album is concierto de aranjuez	concierto de aranjuez
what book genre is track of the zombie	track of the zombie
what types of book is the tiger prince	the tiger prince
what genre in the neck and neck album	neck and neck
what region was bad released in originally ?	bad
what type of movie is the canadian ?	the canadian
what position in football does andrew brewer play	andrew brewer
what genre of music is the album lore	lore
what genre of music does kat-tun create ?	kat-tun
which tracks were created by jim clarke ?	jim clarke
what is the ethnicity of tom mannion ?	tom mannion
who produced the new alice in wonderland ?	the new alice in wonderland
from which european country is drummond money-coutts from	drummond money-coutts
name an object found in an asteroid belt	asteroid belt
name a tourist attraction in dayton , ohio	dayton , ohio
what release is the recording nowhereness from ?	nowhereness
what is the content of artist brian hyland	brian hyland
what is the birthplace of nicholas hormann ?	nicholas hormann
who was the author of the punisher ?	the punisher
what kind of book is vanishing point ?	vanishing point
what is a track made by elvis presley	elvis presley
where was hanad zakaria warsame when they died	hanad zakaria warsame
what gender does gabriel spera identity as ?	gabriel spera
where was where you put your trust released	where you put your trust
what is used to treat spinal tuberculosis ?	spinal tuberculosis
what 's a topic discussed in wind flyers	wind flyers
what is a recording of new orleans ?	new orleans
which rapper has been signed to interscope records	interscope records
name an edition of the book black beauty	black beauty
who is someone born in new york city	new york city
what is the classification rank of terminalia arjuna	terminalia arjuna
which album was also a release album ?	album
which country does rich caster have nationality in	rich caster
what european country is jan boeckhorst from ?	jan boeckhorst
who is the son of muriel kubert ?	muriel kubert
who is an african american baseball player ?	african american
which label do the von bondies record under	the von bondies
which state is perry high school in ?	perry high school
what is o holy night known as ?	o holy night
what is an album by regina belle ?	regina belle
what 's a fiction book by anthony powell	fiction
vorges-les-pins is located in which european country ?	vorges-les-pins
what kind of music does mark janicello perform	mark janicello
name a track by the artist flora purim	flora purim
what is joe bou eid 's job ?	joe bou eid
what type of film is codename icarus ?	codename icarus
what film is directed by michel ocelot ?	michel ocelot
what is george higgins ii 's nationality ?	george higgins ii
what is the subject of fahrenheit 451 ?	fahrenheit 451
which asteroid belt member orbits the sun ?	asteroid belt
what track is produced by david grisman ?	david grisman
what genre of film is school for postmen	school for postmen
what is a composition by gary numan ?	gary numan
which time zone is mocksville located in ?	mocksville
what is a recorded version of matilda ?	matilda
what is a single ( music ) album	single
who is a female character from neighbours ?	female
name a monarch from the valentinian dynasty .	valentinian dynasty
what film was umberto lenzi the director of	umberto lenzi
where did the american shorthair orginate from ?	american shorthair
which religion was mansur ali khan part of	mansur ali khan
where was dead man 's trail released ?	dead man 's trail
what profession does josé abad santos have ?	josé abad santos
what is the artist who recorded ethiopia ?	ethiopia
what is a song on the album mozambique	mozambique
who wrote the episode hell on earth 2006	hell on earth 2006
where was michael walker ( economist ) born	michael walker
what language is spoken throughout the little mermaid	the little mermaid
what is the time zone of pinesdale ?	pinesdale
which recording was released as the track triangle	triangle
what subject has ashton kutcher spoken about ?	ashton kutcher
which famous author was ernesto sabato influenced by	ernesto sabato
name a person of the house of plantagenet	house of plantagenet
what kind of architectural style is eero saarinen	eero saarinen
what is a hong kong netflix film ?	hong kong
what is the release format of credo ?	credo
which film did richard mckenna contribute for ?	richard mckenna
what is an example of a private school	private school
what title is in the spanish language genre	spanish language
what subject is the book rosalind franklin about	rosalind franklin
what netflix genre is cinderella categorized in ?	cinderella
what is the gender of bruno jorge ?	bruno jorge
where did the battle of morat take place	battle of morat
what is a composition by david bowie ?	david bowie
in what country was alger la blanche filmed	alger la blanche
what political party 's political ideology is radicalism	radicalism
what is the namesake for cordell hull ?	cordell hull
what are south high school 's colors ?	south high school
what 's a song recorded by the trinikas	the trinikas
who 's a musician signed to track records	track records
what country was samuel andrews born in ?	samuel andrews
what 's an instrument that susan fassbender plays	susan fassbender
bob dylan wrote lyrics to what popular song	bob dylan
what compilation album did thin lizzy release ?	compilation album
which country was joyce mathews born in ?	joyce mathews
what kind of film is precious moments ?	precious moments
who 's a musician that plays soul music	soul music
what war was battle of delft part of	battle of delft
what is cristóvão da gama a professional for	cristóvão da gama
the film gossip is spoken in what language	gossip
what tracks are by andrew lloyd webber ?	andrew lloyd webber
what film did alfred uhry contribute to ?	alfred uhry
what genre of book is battlefield earth ?	battlefield earth
is computer animation classics a fantasy or comedy	computer animation classics
who published genesis rising : the universal crusade	genesis rising : the universal crusade
what format is d.trance 29 released in ?	d.trance 29
what 's the name of the jesu ep	ep
what field does oracle financial services software offer	oracle financial services software
what format was tmbg unltd august released in	tmbg unltd august
what kind of album is the black angel	the black angel
what film did john williams contribute music towards	john williams
what is a type of impact crater ?	impact crater
what 's an atari game developed by imagic	imagic
what a gameplay mode in the amazing spider-man	the amazing spider-man
what kind of film is imaginationland episode i	imaginationland episode i
what industry does an imagineer work in ?	imagineer
who 's a philosopher influenced by wilfrid sellars	wilfrid sellars
what 's an edition of beezus and ramona	beezus and ramona
what kind of music does bruce cockburn write	bruce cockburn
what is the sex of billy reynolds ?	billy reynolds
which state is laredo , texas based in	laredo , texas
what religious organization does megyn kelly ascribe to	megyn kelly
what film was spike lee the producer of	spike lee
is cerro araral a mountain or a river	cerro araral
what is a composition by leonard cohen ?	leonard cohen
what mountain is in the macdonnell ranges ?	macdonnell ranges
what is the subject of preparing web graphics	preparing web graphics
where in los angeles did henry bergman die	henry bergman
name a film in the genre tamil cinema	tamil cinema
name a film actor born in hawaii .	hawaii
what country is the cuba project about ?	the cuba project
what is the occupation of brady romberg ?	brady romberg
who developed everquest ii : rise of kunark	everquest ii : rise of kunark
which city has northern pacific bridge number 9	northern pacific bridge number 9
what type of book is irish red ?	irish red
what family does devawongse varopakarn belong too ?	devawongse varopakarn
what kind of tv show was the baskervilles	the baskervilles
which anime did yuki nagato appeared in ?	yuki nagato
which artist is under the label nettwerk ?	nettwerk
which file is in the genre short film	short film
what is an album by various production ?	various production
which city was ralph waldo emerson published in	ralph waldo emerson
who is the author of the mysterious island	the mysterious island
who directed a mutt in a rut ?	a mutt in a rut
what is the origin of the artist pinboys	pinboys
what is a known museum in los angeles	los angeles
what county is black river falls in ?	black river falls
what is the gender of craig m. johnson	craig m. johnson
which time zones is chamberlain located in ?	chamberlain
which campus is spokane falls community college in	spokane falls community college
who is a melodic death metal artist ?	melodic death metal
name an artist who plays rock music .	rock music
name a title from the india netflix genre	india
what soccer position does tsukasa hosaka play ?	tsukasa hosaka
what treatment is commonly used for herpes zoster	herpes zoster
what is the genre of mr. vice president	mr. vice president
what netflix genre is the film tiger fangs	tiger fangs
what 's an example of a drama film	drama film
is the green monocle from germany or england	the green monocle
what is the name of a romance film	romance film
who was in charge of story on jumanji	jumanji
who is the producer of the movie tigerland	tigerland
which label is the band azteca signed to	azteca
what is the nationality of carlene watkins ?	carlene watkins
what position does footballer chris brandon play ?	chris brandon
what kind of music does total pwnage perform	total pwnage
what is john stuart williams 's profession ?	john stuart williams
what is the profession of moussa faki ?	moussa faki
which area is 28 palms a neighborhood of	28 palms
what country is clarke county located in ?	clarke county
what kind of book is the redshift rendezvous	redshift rendezvous
what is a song on porky 's revenge	porky 's revenge
who is the author of rocket racers ?	rocket racers
what european country was latin released in ?	latin
what is a place in axtell , kansas	axtell , kansas
what kind of film is news from home	news from home
who was yuri i. manin an advisor to	yuri i. manin
to which asteroid group does 4306 dunaevskij belong	4306 dunaevskij
what industry does verizon wireless operate under ?	verizon wireless
what was dean cundey 's place of birth	dean cundey
what country is fermière à montfaucon from ?	fermière à montfaucon
in which european country is saint-andré-de-cubzac found ?	saint-andré-de-cubzac
what is a formulation available in tablet form	tablet
where in russia did aleksandr porokhovshchikov pass away	aleksandr porokhovshchikov
what types of music is fire and gasoline	fire and gasoline
which songs were produced by cassie taylor ?	cassie taylor
who wrote danton ( 1983 film ) ?	danton
what is an album that features rock music	rock music
what type of film is new delhi ?	new delhi
what language is doctor love spoken in ?	doctor love
which time zone is sumner county located in	sumner county
is orka ( comics ) male or female	orka
what show was tall crappaccino used in ?	tall crappaccino
where is chipotle mexican grill originally from ?	chipotle mexican grill
where is k-19 : the widowmaker from ?	k-19 : the widowmaker
what is the name of a professional politician	politician
whats the subject of musicians of the sun	musicians of the sun
which city did wolfgang zeidler pass away in	wolfgang zeidler
who was the founder of the barmy army	barmy army
what language was turtles go hollywood written in	turtles go hollywood
what type of mountain is jan mayen ?	jan mayen
which football position is david hodgson charged of	david hodgson
what is a film in the music genre	music
what ballet was composed by sergei prokofiev ?	sergei prokofiev
what lyrics is written by billy corgan ?	billy corgan
who is a midfielder for gentofte-vangede if ?	midfielder
what is the ethnicity of fred chappell ?	fred chappell
what series is the very short introductions from	very short introductions
what is the birth place of paul baltes	paul baltes
what kind of album is jarre forever ?	jarre forever
what is the language of white minority ?	white minority
what position does footballer frank griffin play ?	frank griffin
who is the father of frederikke borge ?	frederikke borge
which country is west monroe a city in	west monroe
what type of works did jonathan bate write	jonathan bate
whose death was caused by myocardial infarction ?	myocardial infarction
what works have edward de bono created ?	edward de bono
what soccer position does steve garvey play ?	steve garvey
who is someone that is a physicist ?	physicist
what books have been written about russia ?	russia
what kind of film is piccadilly third stop	piccadilly third stop
who are the members of the whitney family	whitney family
what type of movie is bhuvan shome ?	bhuvan shome
what genre of music does dev hynes perform	dev hynes
what artist is known for avant-garde music ?	avant-garde music
who is a singer born in busan ?	busan
where is shire of aurukun located in ?	shire of aurukun
what is frederic ward putnam 's profession ?	frederic ward putnam
what city was leah shore born in ?	leah shore
what 's a book that deals with business	business
what is the album made by the outfield	the outfield
what color is pramipexole dihydrochloride 1.5 tablet ?	pramipexole dihydrochloride 1.5 tablet
what is track off of metal ep ?	metal ep
what sort of film is down to you	down to you
what was the prequel to beethoven 's 2nd	beethoven 's 2nd
what language is ready steady cook filmed in	ready steady cook
who is a notable figure born in arlington	arlington
what celestial body does 443 photographica orbit ?	443 photographica
what are song of the cardiac arrest album	cardiac arrest
what genre of tv program is the charmer	the charmer
who is the architect for the culzean castle	culzean castle
which language is the film shotgun jones in	shotgun jones
what position does cho hyung-ik play in soccer	cho hyung-ik
what 's an instrument that jason mcgerr plays	jason mcgerr
what is a track released from hong kong	hong kong
name one of rick j. jordan 's compositions	rick j. jordan
what was the ghost brigades written about ?	the ghost brigades
what genre of film is dangerous passage ?	dangerous passage
what language is spoken in the fire trap	the fire trap
what time zone is glenwood city in ?	glenwood city
who was the composer of a man/me/then jim	a man/me/then jim
what album was recorded by andrew lloyd webber	andrew lloyd webber
what color is the drug gianvi 3/0.02 kit	gianvi 3/0.02 kit
what song was written by vonda shepard ?	vonda shepard
who has midfielder football position in manchester united	midfielder
which record label is baby bash on ?	baby bash
what language was the referees filmed in ?	the referees
what language is used for the uzbl software	uzbl
which religion does rhodri the great follow ?	rhodri the great
what is a census designated place in arizona	arizona
what does bobby brown do for a living	bobby brown
what is the name of monstrosity 's album	monstrosity
who was influenced by georges ivanovitch gurdjieff ?	georges ivanovitch gurdjieff
which production company worked on smilin ' through	smilin ' through
what is the profession of george clarke ?	george clarke
what company is chad hugo a founder of	chad hugo
what type of music is metal church ?	metal church
what is a book written by edna lewis	edna lewis
what is the gender of bety k. majerníková	bety k. majerníková
what is a company in the aviation industry	aviation
what country is the last egyptian from ?	the last egyptian
what is the region lush was released in	lush
who is an artist who records under melodiya	melodiya
what release type was le roi danse ?	le roi danse
name someone with the profession master of ceremonies	master of ceremonies
what 's a post secondary school in plymouth	plymouth
what language was the mount originally written in	the mount
name an album by the artist jls .	jls
what label does madison avenue work with ?	madison avenue
what position is daniel aquino pintos charged of	daniel aquino pintos
what kind of game is colin mcrae rally	colin mcrae rally
what genre of music is kasou musou shi	kasou musou shi
what is barbara meier 's eye color ?	barbara meier
what is the nationality of colin munro macleod	colin munro macleod
what kind of film is cartoons for victory	cartoons for victory
in what country was spiders released first ?	spiders
what is a 1941 western comedy musical film	musical
what language is annie leibovitz the movie in	annie leibovitz
what is the nationality of james ward byrkit	james ward byrkit
what is a track of the brittany album	brittany
which record label worked closely with peter tork	peter tork
what country gives paul j. alpers his nationality	paul j. alpers
what language is the film baise-moi in ?	baise-moi
who discovered ( 29156 ) 1989 ch ?	( 29156 ) 1989 ch
where was anna cora mowatt born at ?	anna cora mowatt
what is an example of a movie palace	movie palace
who is a notable person born in nedlands	nedlands
what is a marketed formulation of benzoyl peroxide	benzoyl peroxide
what is jazz chants for children written about	jazz chants for children
what country did the film domino come from	domino
where does municipality of iceland pertain to ?	municipality of iceland
what type of music does denise jones make	denise jones
what is a track by barry harris ?	barry harris
what school district is kearns high school in	kearns high school
which fighting games were developed by capcom ?	capcom
which tracks were recorded by atsushi sakurai ?	atsushi sakurai
the album mysteries is from what genre ?	mysteries
where was seabiscuit ( film ) filmed ?	seabiscuit
what label is damon harris associated with ?	damon harris
what city and china was zhang chi born	zhang chi
ph.d. was what type of musical release ?	ph.d.
what is a story of looking for simon	looking for simon
what 's a live album by the doors	live album
what is the release that grey is from	grey
what format was deep inside ... released in	deep inside ...
what baseball position does ken gerhart play ?	ken gerhart
where did mongol invasion of rus ' occur	mongol invasion of rus '
what is henry walter barnett 's profession ?	henry walter barnett
what kind of animal is a toy poodle	toy poodle
itraconazole is used to treat what illness ?	itraconazole
what film is in the genre drama ?	drama
what is the sex of judith of schweinfurt	judith of schweinfurt
what was the original version of tokyo titled	tokyo
what language was the gardener made in ?	the gardener
what 's a song written by guerilla wrench	guerilla wrench
what 's an asteroid in he asteroid belt	asteroid belt
what religion does germain of paris practice ?	germain of paris
what type of artist is lloyd maines ?	lloyd maines
what genre is hanging on by a thread	hanging on by a thread
what city did ernest jay die in ?	ernest jay
what netflix genre included dress my nest ?	dress my nest
which position does kosuke nakamachi currently play ?	kosuke nakamachi
what album did the release champion come from	champion
name someone who was interred at glasnevin cemetery	glasnevin cemetery
what industry is bae systems a part of	bae systems
where did ahiman louis miner pass away ?	ahiman louis miner
where was the princess ludovika of bavaria born	princess ludovika of bavaria
what country is not only but always from	not only but always
which region is the st. elsewhere release from	st. elsewhere
what gameplay mode is every extend extra extreme	every extend extra extreme
what type of music is van she ?	van she
which state contains panama city beach , florida	panama city beach , florida
what is the subject of rome , 1630	rome , 1630
what language is spoken in the film pirogov	pirogov
what position does cafuringa play in football ?	cafuringa
what is the adapted work of 9 called	9
what genre of film is the star boarder	the star boarder
what is the release track on merry christmas	merry christmas
what is a track of the notorious kim	the notorious kim
who is the designer of jak 3 ?	jak 3
what type of school is pdm polytechnic ?	pdm polytechnic
which multi event tournament has argentina competed in	argentina
what is the film directed by james hong	james hong
what is the original language of finnesburg fragment	finnesburg fragment
what 's an episode that john madden directed	john madden
what author wrote letter to a christian nation	letter to a christian nation
what film genre is the astounding she-monster ?	the astounding she-monster
what are martin luther college 's school colors	martin luther college
what country released the movie the north road	the north road
which genre of book is the source ?	the source
who directed the film infamous ( film )	infamous
who is someone of the minangkabau people ?	minangkabau people
what drug is clotrimazole an active ingredient ?	clotrimazole
what is the specialization of a penciller ?	penciller
what netflix genre is woman thou art loosed	woman thou art loosed
which production company opened the the opry house	the opry house
in what city was dick hoak born ?	dick hoak
what kind of geological structure is mount ruapehu	mount ruapehu
who discovered ( 17490 ) 1991 uc3 ?	( 17490 ) 1991 uc3
what is a site about the lgbt community	lgbt community
who is the parent of liam stewart ?	liam stewart
what gameplay mode does darkness falls have ?	darkness falls
what time zone is ben arous in ?	ben arous
what song is on the recording rocky mountains	rocky mountains
which game played a major influence on gorgon	gorgon
what genre is the film the underdog chronicles	the underdog chronicles
who 's a member of the teen titans	teen titans
what 's an album released by def leppard	album
jook walraven is famous for what profession ?	jook walraven
what genre of music does jimmy edgar produce	jimmy edgar
what kind of music does nick katzman perform	nick katzman
is george and rue fiction or non fiction	george and rue
what was the reason for buddy childers death	buddy childers
what kind of film is the swinging cheerleaders	the swinging cheerleaders
what genre is the film tuning the instruments	tuning the instruments
which battles were fought during world war i	world war i
what city is the bow river in ?	bow river
what artist is with universal music group ?	universal music group
what continent is lovat river located in ?	lovat river
who is a woman of african american ethnicity	african american
which supreme court was named after earl warren	earl warren
what color is zicam 2/1 orally disintegrating tablet	zicam 2/1 orally disintegrating tablet
what is martin edwards ' country of nationality	martin edwards
what genre of music does chris walker make	chris walker
what position does footballer danny blanchett play ?	danny blanchett
what is an example of a science book	science
what is lyndon baldock best known as ?	lyndon baldock
what is the song by elvis costello ?	elvis costello
what synagogue is located in new york city	new york city
what is a written work about london ?	london
what is the administrative area of wales ?	wales
what 's an adventure film released in 2011	adventure film
which country created the film kvinnan bakom allt	kvinnan bakom allt
what country is herman fowlkes , jr. from	herman fowlkes , jr.
which county is the hans herr house in	hans herr house
what kind of a movie is picture this	picture this
what is a hub for air canada express	air canada express
what religion is practiced at yonghe temple ?	yonghe temple
how is the book eric brighteyes bound ?	eric brighteyes
who is the artist that recorded hollywood ?	hollywood
what is a city within the united states	united states
what is the nationality of bret schundler ?	bret schundler
what genre is sherlock holmes in new york	sherlock holmes in new york
who is the artist that recorded habanera ?	habanera
what is the profession of nicky richards ?	nicky richards
what is san angelo 's postal code ?	san angelo
what kind of film is my foolish heart	my foolish heart
which type of music do the replacements create	the replacements
what film is produced by michael rotenberg ?	michael rotenberg
what sub category is roseville pottery classified as	roseville pottery
what kind of genre is rester la même	rester la même
what type of book is promise of fidelity	promise of fidelity
what type of music does dave grohl play	dave grohl
is jerry hairston , jr. right-handed or left-handed	jerry hairston , jr.
what is the birth place of ted graham	ted graham
who is the author of spires of spirit	spires of spirit
what kind of album is 20 greatest hits	20 greatest hits
what type of album is still here ?	still here
which language is primarily spoken in oklahoma !	oklahoma !
what is the soundtrack of the movie fresh	fresh
what type of drug is contained as capsule	drug
what is the paper back edition of titan	titan
who did the costume design for october sky	october sky
name a location in the united kingdom .	united kingdom
who produced a momentary lapse of reason ?	a momentary lapse of reason
name an islamic figure killed due to homicide	homicide
what track came from the release greatest hits	greatest hits
what 's a film produced by alexander dovzhenko	alexander dovzhenko
what is the name of an adventure book	adventure
what kind of film is gas food lodging	gas food lodging
what is the film format of gigli ?	gigli
which genre of book is the thief ?	the thief
who is an artist of power pop ?	power pop
what is the lower classification of eastern gorilla	eastern gorilla
what film did michael feinstein executively produce ?	michael feinstein
what line of work is denis king in	denis king
whats the name of theology and religion book	religion
who was the manufacturer of the mil mi-24	mil mi-24
who wrote the book the torment of others	the torment of others
what is an example of baroque architecture ?	baroque architecture
which language is used of i am woman	i am woman
the reckoning is what type of music genre	the reckoning
what is the genre of the album mitsuboshi	mitsuboshi
what is solar system a notable type of	solar system
what time zone is lake shangrila in ?	lake shangrila
what kind of music does ethan johns play	ethan johns
which film did larry adler help with ?	larry adler
in what album is contained the energy song	energy
what is the gender of claude bourque ?	claude bourque
what is a computer videogame from the incredibles	the incredibles
what is andrew archibald macdonald known as ?	andrew archibald macdonald
who wrote tutto aretha : a natural woman	tutto aretha : a natural woman
who is a famous person born in utah	utah
who is the artist that recorded star ?	star
what album is of the genre pop music	pop music
in which austrian state did hans schneeberger die	hans schneeberger
what type of art did thomas downing do	thomas downing
what type of film is the life boat	the life boat
who is a film producer born in vancouver	vancouver
who 's a musician that plays reggae music	reggae
what medical condition dies bill williams have ?	bill williams
who is an alternative hip hop artist ?	alternative hip hop
which company owns the radio station wmfs ?	wmfs
what type of film is funny car summer	funny car summer
what 's an example of a jazz album	jazz
where is cfb goose bay located at ?	cfb goose bay
which type of music does elis regina do	elis regina
which songs were created by paul lewis ?	paul lewis
which movie was directed by john mallory asher	john mallory asher
which releases have gold as the track ?	gold
what is an album by jerry garcia ?	album
where are omar & the howlers originally from	omar & the howlers
what was brandon hedrick 's cause of death	brandon hedrick
what is ahmet taner kışlalı 's gender ?	ahmet taner kışlalı
what is the gender of luis figo ?	luis figo
what 's a country affected by typhoon koryn	typhoon koryn
what is a song composed by aerosmith ?	aerosmith
is caroline bauer a man or a woman	caroline bauer
what is a south korean telecommunication operating corporation	corporation
what movie genre is transformers : zone ?	transformers : zone
what book genre is a dream of wessex	a dream of wessex
what film did hans zimmer contribute music to	hans zimmer
who is the child of beti wyn davies	beti wyn davies
which country does genjirō kaneko have nationality in	genjirō kaneko
what is rolf g. fjelde known as ?	rolf g. fjelde
what time zone is maple lake township in	maple lake township
where is the film boxing kangaroo from ?	boxing kangaroo
what a flim in the musical genre ?	musical
what game is in the series petz ?	petz
what type of release is christmas in vienna	christmas in vienna
what is k. r. latchan 's nationality ?	k. r. latchan
which book in written in the sociology genre	sociology
what country produced the film bunty aur babli	bunty aur babli
what type of play is unnatural acts ?	unnatural acts
what events took place at suruga bay ?	suruga bay
what type of five timer is buck henry	buck henry
who is one person that richard neutra influenced	richard neutra
what 's the name of a belgian forward	forward
what album did the single japan come from	japan
name a musical release by priest soopafly brooks	soopafly
which type of star system is 6135 billowen	6135 billowen
what company owns the radio station cilk-fm ?	cilk-fm
the bma tower was done is what style	bma tower
what type of music does nicholas gunn play	nicholas gunn
matt prime composed what piece of music ?	matt prime
whats the titles of pete fountain 's songs	pete fountain
which martial art does leo gamez practice ?	leo gamez
what position does choe myong-ho play in football	choe myong-ho
who was born in oconomowoc , wisconsin ?	oconomowoc , wisconsin
which record label does stan stammers belong to	stan stammers
what is a song released by kylie minogue	kylie minogue
which position did ham schulte on the diamond	ham schulte
what 's a band signed to chrysalis records	chrysalis records
which genre of film is today we live	today we live
what tracks are recorded by mark selby ?	mark selby
what type of album is philippe herreweghe edition	philippe herreweghe edition
what is a dramas based on a book	dramas based on a book
what is víctor hugo lorenzón 's gender ?	víctor hugo lorenzón
what is the release format of almost acoustic	almost acoustic
what type of movie is the safest way	the safest way
who is a famous person born in france	france
what instrument is played by shuggie otis ?	shuggie otis
what tv show includes the episode anger management	anger management
is claudio o'connor a man or a woman	claudio o'connor
what genre of film is not over ?	not over
what does matt benson-lidholm do for a living	matt benson-lidholm
in what argentina city did carina ari die	carina ari
what type of album is shenmue jukebox ?	shenmue jukebox
who was the founder of price stern sloan	price stern sloan
who is a famous person form in rome	rome
what 's a game made by origin systems	origin systems
is doomsday a dvd or a compilation album	doomsday
what is a movie directed by john hughes	john hughes
what country is tocumen international airport located in	tocumen international airport
what neighborhood is lefrak city located in ?	lefrak city
what films has john williams contributed music to	john williams
what country was aalvar originally released in ?	aalvar
which song is found in the recording blues	blues
where was the film eva first released in	eva
which countries were involved in the castille war	castille war
which football position is joel riddez charged of	joel riddez
who wrote the lyrics for willkommen und abschied	willkommen und abschied
name a film directed by larry hankin .	larry hankin
what is the last time released under ?	the last time
which area can hyde park be found in	hyde park
in what country is the small city farmington	farmington
who is a famous american football player ?	american football player
what country is the italian stefano sardo from	stefano sardo
which city is within barrow county , georgia	barrow county
what is a musical composition by jean sibelius	jean sibelius
what sort of game is jurassic park interactive	jurassic park interactive
what color is keppra 1000 film coated tablet	keppra 1000 film coated tablet
what subject is when presidents lie written about	when presidents lie
what battle did gouverneur k. warren participate in	gouverneur k. warren
who did the music for cool world ?	cool world
which asteroid belt was discovered in 1995 ?	asteroid belt
what is the occupation of kojo annan ?	kojo annan
what is something that gavriil ilizarov invented ?	gavriil ilizarov
what is a track by eighteen visions ?	eighteen visions
what was the music anthology released on ?	anthology
what kind of music does drew make ?	drew
which released has hounded as the track ?	hounded
what kind of music does shabba ranks make	shabba ranks
what tracks are by blockhead ( music )	blockhead
what 's a united states in the us	united states
what is a composition created by tori amos	tori amos
who was involved in battle of averasborough ?	battle of averasborough
which company produced make way for tomorrow ?	make way for tomorrow
name a musical film starring michael j fox	musical
what type of film is the 14 amazons	the 14 amazons
what is the profession of ruby rose ?	ruby rose
whats the mascot of western new england university	western new england university
who was the editor of show of hands	show of hands
which county in pennsylvania is dick capri from	dick capri
what film did mark isham contribute music to	mark isham
what is mu ursae majoris an example of	mu ursae majoris
name a release produced by mannie fresh .	mannie fresh
who directed the film the avenging conscience ?	the avenging conscience
what is a track in the recording closer	closer
what style of music is the flamingo trigger	the flamingo trigger
who are examples of centerman hockey players ?	centerman
what kind of drug is valproic acid ?	valproic acid
which film had the soundtrack mulan bonus cd	mulan bonus cd
in what format is the radio station lithium	lithium
what city was irene kossoy born in ?	irene kossoy
what genre of music does jamie brooks make	jamie brooks
what release has a track titled chasing amy	chasing amy
which female artist produced the album carpetbaggers ?	carpetbaggers
what is the profession of marketa hrubesova ?	marketa hrubesova
who played the position of point guard ?	point guard
what city did isaac lea pass away in	isaac lea
which places in vanuatu that are islands ?	vanuatu
what form does the longest road come in	the longest road
what is a disease treated by virology ?	virology
what kind of album is koto song ?	koto song
what does david firth do for a living	david firth
where is malcolm muggeridge 's nationality of origin	malcolm muggeridge
what kind of art does desiderius orban do	desiderius orban
what is a beach full of shells ?	a beach full of shells
which language is the film soltera in ?	soltera
what kind of work does peter hutchings do	peter hutchings
what state is the city thorp located in	thorp
what kind of organization is burger king ?	burger king
which army contains 47th wisconsin volunteer infantry regiment	47th wisconsin volunteer infantry regiment
what kind of music does john waite make	john waite
what is a work created with oil paint	oil paint
what is the nationality of journalist herb keinon	herb keinon
what is the genre for the album x	x
what album is star the release track on	star
what type of song is no more rhyme	no more rhyme
what genre of tv is hey arnold !	hey arnold !
which label do the ames bros belong to	the ames bros
which people group does ori kritz belong to	ori kritz
what was indira gandhi 's cause of death	indira gandhi
around which main star does 20109 alicelandis gravitate	20109 alicelandis
what is the gender of georg misch ?	georg misch
what book is a part of the ghost	the ghost
what is the name of a fiction book	fiction
what are some electronic dance music artists ?	electronic dance music
where is the location of champaign township ?	champaign township
what genre does casino royale fall under ?	casino royale
what is an album by justin hayward ?	justin hayward
what event was included in battle of ebrahimkhel	battle of ebrahimkhel
what country is macon county a division of	macon county
what is the nationality of c.j. perry ?	c.j. perry
what is the language spoken in triple dog	triple dog
what is a song on fairytales of amazonia	fairytales of amazonia
where in california did eddie garr pass away	eddie garr
what type of music is love cpr ?	love cpr
what is the nationality of cecilia de mille	cecilia de mille
who was involved in the battle of pułtusk	battle of pułtusk
in what field does american welding society functions	american welding society
where was no line on the horizon released	no line on the horizon
what is the genre for love in sampan	love in sampan
what is the kirton railway station known as	kirton railway station
what is a book title about evolution ?	evolution
what is a science museum in north carolina	science museum
what genre of book is pole to pole	pole to pole
what kind of music does dúné make ?	dúné
where did battle of bita paka happen ?	battle of bita paka
which city is birch park finger streets located	birch park finger streets
what type of album is simon birch ?	simon birch
what is the ethnicity of michelle perry ?	michelle perry
what kind of music does d-sisive make ?	d-sisive
where did hugh mercer 's life end ?	hugh mercer
what is paul hutchison 's place of birth	paul hutchison
what 's an example of a dopamine agonist	dopamine agonist
what kind of music is take a look	take a look
what radio station broadcasted a man called adam	a man called adam
which war was fritz albrecht a part of	fritz albrecht
what 's the title track from cruisin '	cruisin '
where was jean-baptiste boussingault 's first breath taken	jean-baptiste boussingault
who directed the film luke and the mermaids	luke and the mermaids
who 's the author of coin locker babies	coin locker babies
what is the closest airport to new cumberland	new cumberland
what genre of film is inside out ?	inside out
what is the release type of sweet dynamite	sweet dynamite
who was the artist of the album untouchables	untouchables
what format was silver side up released ?	silver side up
what genre is the best of lynda randle	the best of lynda randle
where did hans e. kinck pass away ?	hans e. kinck
who is the saxophonist that plays the saxophone	saxophone
where in the uk was paul clement born	paul clement
what is the religion that adam stern follows	adam stern
what type of object is the 12820 robinwilliams	12820 robinwilliams
who directed the film titled on the beach	on the beach
who was the author editor of peter simple	peter simple
what genre was the netflix title green fields	green fields
who did the music for the trial ?	the trial
what is the notable type of apirak kosayodhin	apirak kosayodhin
who is the author of be my lover	be my lover
what netflix genre is the fire next time	the fire next time
who is the parent company that owns kvi	kvi
who produced the album i have a dream	i have a dream
which releases contain the track black sheep ?	black sheep
what is robert chestnut 's place of birth	robert chestnut
what language is love story in harvard in	love story in harvard
anthony athanas belongs to which ethnic people ?	anthony athanas
who is the manufacture of the hawker danecock	hawker danecock
what is erica von kleist 's nationality ?	erica von kleist
who released an album called sugar hill collection	sugar hill collection
what kind of music does lucien barbarin perform	lucien barbarin
what was a place inside the thirteen colonies	thirteen colonies
in what format is the chronicles album presented	chronicles
which german footballer was born in magdeburg ?	magdeburg
what was twiddling your thumbs written about ?	twiddling your thumbs
which football position is keith browner charged of	keith browner
what song was written by algernon charles swinburne	algernon charles swinburne
which type of album is the magic door	the magic door
what color is jerry garcia 's beard ?	jerry garcia
what country is the dobrețu river in ?	dobrețu river
what 's an album by the amboy dukes	the amboy dukes
what is the language of the premature burial	the premature burial
what is peter robinson 's european nationality ?	peter robinson
what form of music is page of life	page of life
what kind of format is dark eyes in	dark eyes
who is a person born in mexico city	mexico city
what is positron emission tomography known as ?	positron emission tomography
what european country is nez de cuir from	nez de cuir
which town is the delaware valley neighborhood in	delaware valley
what does ( 20691 ) 1999 vy72 orbit	( 20691 ) 1999 vy72
small victories was an episode of what series	small victories
which group contains ( 7884 ) 1993 hh7	( 7884 ) 1993 hh7
what is the movie genre of macropolis ?	macropolis
which world war did andrew cowper fight in	andrew cowper
what is an work created by jack mcduff	jack mcduff
who is an artist of post-grunge music ?	post-grunge
what color does monticello high school wear ?	monticello high school
which movement was written by john william polidori	john william polidori
what is the function of the building alhambra	alhambra
what italian artist was born in rome ?	rome
what hud county is grand county located in	grand county
what city is skaha lake found in ?	skaha lake
shout at the devil is in what language	shout at the devil
what 's a song from bridge to terabithia	bridge to terabithia
what was aleksandr iovich gaidai 's profession ?	aleksandr iovich gaidai
who was involved in the hudson bay expedition	hudson bay expedition
where is 8783 gopasyuk located in space ?	8783 gopasyuk
what 's a city close to fort fincastle	fort fincastle
what characters exist in the the three apples	the three apples
which country was lollypop barbershop released in ?	lollypop barbershop
what is a film written by subhash ghai	subhash ghai
who has gottfried wilhelm von leibniz influenced ?	gottfried wilhelm von leibniz
which ep is the song red sea on	red sea
what is the film rating of le mans	le mans
what actor is part of the telugu people	telugu people
what city is the victory gardens theater in	victory gardens theater
what is the gender of megan kay jordan	megan kay jordan
what position does sisinio gonzález martínez play ?	sisinio gonzález martínez
what kind of film is fighting fire fighter	fighting fire fighter
in which midwestern city was jenn korbee born	jenn korbee
which country was the wife swappers released in	the wife swappers
what plays have richard m. sherman composed ?	richard m. sherman
what is yves hofer most famous for ?	yves hofer
name an astronomical body that orbits the sun	the sun
what is the ethnicity of shaul mofaz ?	shaul mofaz
what is brandenburg a first level division of	brandenburg
what type of album is mtv celebrity deathmatch	mtv celebrity deathmatch
what film genre is the 8th wonder ?	the 8th wonder
what was arthur forde 's place of death	arthur forde
where did jimi hendrix release his music ?	jimi hendrix
is operation thunderbolt an action movie or documentary	operation thunderbolt
what type of album is master series 88-96	master series 88-96
who is an example of a trumpet instrumentalist	trumpet
what type of music is vanessa paradis ?	vanessa paradis
what was team lotus later known as ?	team lotus
whats an occupation of the character michael corvin	michael corvin
where is cyril connell , snr. from ?	cyril connell , snr.
which song is in the recording winter wonderland	winter wonderland
who music is chris rice known for ?	chris rice
what country is the lempira department located in	lempira department
who are the parents of bob wright ?	bob wright
what fiction book is written by jean giono	fiction
what is the topic of sylvester wager ?	sylvester wager
what position in football does calen carr play	calen carr
where did the battle of maguaga take place	battle of maguaga
what type of artist is clifton hyde considered	clifton hyde
what album is tales from the hudson on	tales from the hudson
name a person who was born in germany	germany
what is the name of an asteroid ?	asteroid
what sort of music is featured on revolution	revolution
what is paul a. felix 's profession ?	paul a. felix
what film is produced by jackie chan ?	jackie chan
what kind of job does gammy singer have	gammy singer
what is an example of a catholic school	catholic school
which country is pico da neblina based in	pico da neblina
what is the color of somerset christian college	somerset christian college
what is the sex of paul whitsun-jones ?	paul whitsun-jones
what country is mount nyenchen tanglha in ?	mount nyenchen tanglha
what israeli city is joan of acre from	joan of acre
what larger area is englewood a neighborhood in	englewood
what war did john w. geary participate in	john w. geary
what is the genre of the album chanthupottu	chanthupottu
what city does the wabash river run through	wabash river
what is the album california is from ?	california
what time zone is negros island in ?	negros
where is samuel bartley holleman house located ?	samuel bartley holleman house
what country participated in the 1952 summer olympics	1952 summer olympics
what is a side effect of ephedra ?	ephedra
which track is from the release get faded	get faded
what country is 400 george street in ?	400 george street
what film is considered a short film ?	short film
what is the nationality of judit ligeti kovács	judit ligeti kovács
what 's a song written by set alight	set alight
what language is digging for the truth in	digging for the truth
which english poet was killed in action ?	killed in action
what type of film is the trouble shooter	the trouble shooter
what is the genre of brent mydland ?	brent mydland
which comedy book did david walliams write ?	david walliams
which football position is tommy smart charged of	tommy smart
which continent was nighttime calls released on first	nighttime calls
what 's a track written by cassie taylor	cassie taylor
what mountain range is alander mountain apart of	alander mountain
the miracles once recorded which christmas song ?	the miracles
whats the title of the arrangement jingle bells	jingle bells
what language is spoken in second polish republic	second polish republic
which battle was the waterloo bridge named after	waterloo bridge
what is one of boise high school colors	boise high school
what language is the fifth cord in ?	the fifth cord
who is the producer of the jerusalem play	jerusalem
what is the language family of lega-mwenga language	lega-mwenga language
what type of music does soul syndicate make	soul syndicate
which character has the ability of flight ?	flight
who edited the 2000 version of always ?	always
shamanism is under the umbrella of what subject	shamanism
what 's the treatment for a pulmonary edema	pulmonary edema
what position in baseball does melvin mercedes play	melvin mercedes
what 's a spacecraft from european space agency	european space agency
what genre is the book and chaos died	and chaos died
what 's a song written by tori amos	song
what is the gender that describes gerhard stolz	gerhard stolz
which city contains the main administration building ?	main administration building
what language is spoken by chinese australian ?	chinese australian
what type of videogame is fifa street ?	fifa street
where was the battle of jaquijahuana held ?	battle of jaquijahuana
what was ian rilen 's cause of death	ian rilen
who is the daughter of grant hill ?	grant hill
what style of music does mark nauseef play	mark nauseef
what is the recording label of ivan busic	ivan busic
who directed the movie better luck tomorrow ?	better luck tomorrow
which artist released mona lisa / castaway ?	mona lisa / castaway
what genre is the film catching out ?	catching out
what song is from the recording ave maria	ave maria
which label is the album northern star from	northern star
which short film came out in 1911 ?	short film
what country was me and me dad filmed	me and me dad
what is partially located in minas gerais ?	minas gerais
what is the genre of one cold night	one cold night
which hockey position is played by andreas lilja	andreas lilja
what country was chauncey steele , jr. born	chauncey steele , jr.
what genre of videogame is mega man dos	mega man dos
what country is naples national archaeological museum in	naples national archaeological museum
what thriller was directed by félix enríquez alcalá	thriller
what kind of book is the glass cafe	the glass cafe
what movie is written by orson welles ?	orson welles
what famous entreprenour appeared in the daily show	the daily show
who is the artist that released kristofferson ?	kristofferson
what canadian actor was born in new haven	new haven
what was kalākua kaheiheimālie 's place of death	kalākua kaheiheimālie
is anna dorothea therbusch a male or female	anna dorothea therbusch
what is the profession of alice lindahl ?	alice lindahl
what genre of music does larry santos perform	larry santos
what is the birth place of jo weil	jo weil
what is the nationality of cleopatra borel ?	cleopatra borel
what american football position does jack smith play	jack smith
which country does bahujan samaj party belong to	bahujan samaj party
what kind of film is up ! ?	up !
what type of film is the marihuana story	the marihuana story
what format was falso brilhante released in ?	falso brilhante
where does liam rosenior stand on the field	liam rosenior
what architectural style is ephraim atwood house considered	ephraim atwood house
what 's the title of a drama film	drama film
which surgical complication is pain a symptom of	pain
where did lois irene marshall pass away ?	lois irene marshall
what format was the fame monster released in	the fame monster
what time zone is pieve di coriano time	pieve di coriano
what type of music does dan zanes make	dan zanes
what kind of music is utopia known for	utopia
what genre is the film exit point ?	exit point
what type of music doe damien starkey preform	damien starkey
what kind of music is bad boy joe	bad boy joe
what is the profession of brad william henke	brad william henke
what is beach scene at sunset made with	beach scene at sunset
which australian artist was born in dunedin ?	dunedin
what language family is the kaduo language in	kaduo language
which disaster was jacques benguigui killed in ?	jacques benguigui
is thoroughfare gap an ep or an album	thoroughfare gap
what is the name of a hockey centerman	centerman
what 's a song written by jennifer hudson	jennifer hudson
what is mood stabilizer used to treat ?	mood stabilizer
what genre is the music album mis romances	mis romances
what 's an asteroid found at la silla	asteroid
what subject is the expectant universe book about	expectant universe
what country is james rennell a citizen of	james rennell
what type of videogame is the worms armageddon	worms armageddon
what is carl emil petersen 's biological sex	carl emil petersen
which artist is known for gangsta rap ?	gangsta rap
what album is i have a dream from	i have a dream
how is ashley chin classified as an artist	ashley chin
what species is in the penguin exhibit ?	penguin exhibit
what is the genre of the aritst ilia	ilia
what type of music is congorock categorized as	congorock
what kind of release was benny mardones ?	benny mardones
an example of a studio album is ?	studio album
what topic is featured in moon handbooks minnesota	moon handbooks minnesota
what is the religion of rajendra singh ?	rajendra singh
did arthur gamgee die from pneumonia or cancer	arthur gamgee
who was an instrumentalist that played the saxophone	saxophone
what platform is needed to play pacific strike	pacific strike
what kind of show is that metal show	that metal show
which sites have active as their website status	active
which 1999 album did elmer bernstein produce ?	elmer bernstein
who is the hale telescope named after ?	hale telescope
what kind of book is the purple cloud	the purple cloud
what gameplay mode does secret of mana have	secret of mana
what is the lower classification of amine ?	amine
which country is siming district located in ?	siming district
what kind of film is bowl of oatmeal	bowl of oatmeal
what 's a book dealing with christian theology	christian theology
what is an event that happens in kharkiv	kharkiv
what is d. w. griffith 's gender ?	d. w. griffith
what is a college in united states ?	united states
in what country is north triangle pond located	north triangle pond
what kind of film is it happened thus	it happened thus
what caused the death of ronald davis ?	ronald davis
name an artist who is known for drawing	drawing
what kind of music does alejandro silva play	alejandro silva
what city was buzz kilman given birth in	buzz kilman
which song was engineered by eddie kramer ?	eddie kramer
what type of album is the secret garden	the secret garden
where on earth did paavo jännes pass away	paavo jännes
john linscom boss , jr. died where ?	john linscom boss , jr.
what sort of metal does petr hošek play	petr hošek
what song is from the recording bermuda ?	bermuda
who is john landis 's song 's name	john landis
who is an artist signed by sho'nuff records	sho'nuff records
what is a track by the red krayola	the red krayola
to what film did scott bradley contribute music	scott bradley
what type of aircraft is douglas dc-6 ?	douglas dc-6
what kind of album is a wonderful journey	a wonderful journey
what is the name of a reggae artist	reggae
what genre is the generous mr. lovewell ?	the generous mr. lovewell
which football position does josé joão pereira play	josé joão pereira
what is a track by the antiquus ?	antiquus
what track is from the release saw iii	saw iii
who is a person of african american ethnicity	african american
what position does michael sternkopf like to play	michael sternkopf
what politician was birthed in new york city	new york city
what is a song on the david album	david
who is a supporting artist of tarja turunen	tarja turunen
which professional footballer was born in hemel hempstead	hemel hempstead
what type of movie is rhapsody of spring	rhapsody of spring
which album is hard times featured on ?	hard times
what country and state is gold rock located	gold rock
is anorexia a short film or a documentary	anorexia
what kind of binding does dean acheson have	dean acheson
what is a property of the swiss constituency	swiss constituency
where is the location of sugarloaf vista ?	sugarloaf vista
what is an album by lou barlow ?	album
what type of dish is glamorgan sausage ?	glamorgan sausage
what is a company in the firearm industry	firearm
what is a rock music radio station ?	rock music
what actor did adapt the super troopers film	super troopers
what is the henry rollins show from ?	the henry rollins show
what is deeper into movies written about ?	deeper into movies
what is the genre of the book divisadero	divisadero
what is an artist signed to emi ?	emi
who composed private eyes ( song ) ?	private eyes
what reality show had 8 episodes about football	8
what silent film was released in 1927 ?	silent film
who was the producer for butterflies are free	butterflies are free
iso 9000 is what type of management structure	iso 9000
is country love a compact disc or dvd	country love
what is a song made by cocorosie ?	cocorosie
what country was desk set filmed in ?	desk set
which soccer position is played by thanasis papazoglou	thanasis papazoglou
which theme does the keith haring registry use	keith haring registry
where was the best of spirit released ?	the best of spirit
what an example of a alternative country album	alternative country
where is new horizon college of engineering located	new horizon college of engineering
what language is fight of the tertia in	fight of the tertia
in what city is el mercurio available ?	el mercurio
what position does sergey kramarenko play in football	sergey kramarenko
what kind of music does brian west play	brian west
is bernd rumpf a male of a female	bernd rumpf
whats the title track of the recording barbados	barbados
name a norwegian football defender born in kristiansand	kristiansand
what 's a show that mitchell hurwitz created	mitchell hurwitz
what kind of music is kavinsky famous for	kavinsky
who made the music for muscle beach tom	muscle beach tom
which russian city was nestor kukolnik born in	nestor kukolnik
what is a city located in united states	united states
who is the recording artist of colorado ?	colorado
around what main star does 5942 denzilrobert move	5942 denzilrobert
what city did walther rathenau die in ?	walther rathenau
where in brazil was andré bahia born ?	andré bahia
what country is beyond the walls from ?	beyond the walls
what automotive class is the alfa romeo giulietta	alfa romeo giulietta
what 's the title of a romance film	romance film
what is a film about ronald reagan ?	ronald reagan
what kinds of school is coconino high school	coconino high school
what is the name of a short film	short film
where in austria was franz wallack born ?	franz wallack
what is the new river , s. 308	the new river , s. 308
name a book written by roald dahl ?	roald dahl
what is the title of a slasher movie	slasher
what country is the film strange holiday from	strange holiday
what architectural style does paul t. frankl construct	paul t. frankl
what conflict did raymond zussman participate in ?	raymond zussman
what kind of school is the crypt school	the crypt school
who is a person buried in elmwood cemetery	elmwood cemetery
which artist recorded the track jungle fever ?	jungle fever
which entity fought in the battle of hokuetsu	battle of hokuetsu
where did m. a. r. barker pass away	m. a. r. barker
what types of movie is godzilla against mechagodzilla	godzilla against mechagodzilla
what was christine nelson 's cause of death	christine nelson
which genre does twentynine palms fall under ?	twentynine palms
what is james lee stanley 's profession ?	james lee stanley
which occupation is rahmon nabiyev most famous for	rahmon nabiyev
what kind of geological formation is mount belinda	mount belinda
what was john riggi known for doing ?	john riggi
what is the release track on no name	no name
which actress was the daughter of irene born	irene born
what song came from the recording mercy ?	mercy
what album is the song mass romantic on	mass romantic
what type of music does the d4 play	the d4
what is the nationality of mike glennon ?	mike glennon
which fictional character was killed by troilus ?	troilus
what type of game is sound shapes ?	sound shapes
what is the profession of ahmed kamel morsi	ahmed kamel morsi
which costume was designed by adrian adolph greenberg	adrian adolph greenberg
who was a relief pitcher for the pirates	relief pitcher
what type of institution is western culinary institute	western culinary institute
a coventry is what type of region ?	coventry
what film is edited by véronique lange ?	véronique lange
what is an artist from the romanticism era	romanticism
what kind of film is the coming days	the coming days
who is the director of love and money	love and money
what type of music does michaela paetsch make	michaela paetsch
what is a company in the hospitality industry	hospitality
what is the book falling through space about	falling through space
what is the single version of freestyle called	freestyle
what is the focus of thecoreconference 2010 ?	thecoreconference 2010
which soccer position is played by ayden duffy	ayden duffy
whats a city found on the river zambezi	zambezi
what types of music is letters out loud	letters out loud
what is a film in the genre lgbt	lgbt
what kind of music is better than raw	better than raw
what is glycerin 0.075 swab a formulation of	glycerin 0.075 swab
whats a color of cypress lake high school	cypress lake high school
what city in greece did michalis oikonomou die	michalis oikonomou
what is the genre of the album yankees	yankees
what kind of gender is brian williams ?	brian williams
whats the title of a alternative rock album	alternative rock
what type of music does love child make	love child
what is the original version of israel called	israel
what is the function of the frederiksborg palace	frederiksborg palace
who is an artist known for gothic metal	gothic metal
which country was my first kiss released in	my first kiss
what drug class does colistin below in ?	colistin
what kind of a company is bowfinger ?	bowfinger
which genre does 30 days belong to ?	30 days
which company produced mary poppins , goodbye ?	mary poppins , goodbye
what country is in the film sitting target	sitting target
what book did the character demetri appear in	demetri
who was the prudence crandall house named after	prudence crandall house
what is a track from trey anastasio band	trey anastasio band
who directed the movie ai n't she tweet	ai n't she tweet
what type of content is cold mountain ?	cold mountain
what is band that released the album evolution	evolution
what film is a type of drama ?	drama
which recording contains the track birthday girl ?	birthday girl
what is the gender of david court ?	david court
which genre of film is saturday night ?	saturday night
what genre of book is villa incognito ?	villa incognito
what medium of art does maria yakunchikova create	maria yakunchikova
what is a suspense film on netflix ?	suspense
what is christopher harrison notable for being ?	christopher harrison
what is the associated period of arman ?	arman
is benjamin watson a man or a woman	benjamin watson
what movie was bert glennon a cinematographer on	bert glennon
what city is conway county , arkansas in	conway county
what is the netflix genre of chicken run	chicken run
what position does yasser gómez play in baseball	yasser gómez
los angeles is featured in which film ?	los angeles
what is a track of the panama album	panama
what is the name of a 1970s album	album
where was the film the stand filmed ?	the stand
what is the profession of jo ann kelly	jo ann kelly
where did madame de la fayette die ?	madame de la fayette
what kinds of music is played by giorgia	giorgia
what is the world is live at newcastle	live at newcastle
what country is john warren a citizen of	john warren
what artist recorded finlandia , op. 26 ?	finlandia , op. 26
what was the subject of the immaculate invasion	the immaculate invasion
what is estradiol 0.0304 patch formulated from ?	estradiol 0.0304 patch
what kind of book is the mercenaries ?	the mercenaries
what 's a song performed by stan getz	stan getz
what is a work of the bible ?	the bible
in which country was the black candle filmed	the black candle
does roy ayers play the keyboard or guitar	roy ayers
what is sergei puskepalis 's place of birth	sergei puskepalis
what time zone is persico dosimo located in	persico dosimo
who is an artist that likes alternative rock	alternative rock
what is a marketed formulation of titanium dioxide	titanium dioxide
what county is bernardsville , new jersey in	bernardsville , new jersey
what kind of music is rock bottom ?	rock bottom
what is a track sung by anssi kela	anssi kela
who did the music for the touch ?	the touch
name an artist on the label flip records	flip records
what is an example of a studio album	studio album
what position does corey webster play in football	corey webster
who was the artist that recorded sylvia ?	sylvia
what is a track by jeff dahl ?	jeff dahl
what kind of gender is malcolm brabant ?	malcolm brabant
in which european country did monica grey die	monica grey
what tracks are by the king sisters ?	the king sisters
in what format was symphonion dream released ?	symphonion dream
where was john thomas and lady jane published	john thomas and lady jane
which weight division did manuel vargas compete in	manuel vargas
who directed the cinematography in the apostle ?	the apostle
what album is power of a woman on	power of a woman
name the football position that reis ashraf plays	reis ashraf
what is an artist that creates psychobilly music	psychobilly
what is oregon department of forestry 's jurisdiction	oregon department of forestry
what is a color of gamma alpha omega	gamma alpha omega
what country did slc punk ! originate from	slc punk !
what sort of movie is the wrecking crew	the wrecking crew
who 's a television producer born in irving	television producer
what genre of film is heaven & earth	heaven & earth
what subset of rock does erik brann play	erik brann
what track is from the best of ?	the best of
what position does vicente biurrun play in football	vicente biurrun
what area is green grove located in ?	green grove
where was actor lin lin li born in	lin lin li
what area is scenes from a mirage from	scenes from a mirage
what state is wallula , washington in ?	wallula , washington
of what gender is the fictional character leonus	leonus
name a person who was born in monterrey	monterrey
what is chân không 's area of activism	chân không
what are some songs by patricia barber ?	patricia barber
which artist made gershwin - the platinum collection	gershwin - the platinum collection
what type of album is mina canta sinatra	mina canta sinatra
what gender does henry n. cobb identify as	henry n. cobb
whose profession is that of an oboist ?	oboist
what type of organization is heritage foundation ?	heritage foundation
what position in football does chad kilgore play	chad kilgore
what mobile home is located in united states	united states
which films were produced by cbs films ?	cbs films
what is a youth worker a specialization of	youth worker
which pitcher died of a car accident ?	car accident
what is the gender of jim lash ?	jim lash
what 's an album recorded by robert plant	robert plant
what american football position does antwan barnes play	antwan barnes
what does matt gallant do for a living	matt gallant
who was an influence on karl marx ?	karl marx
what is a release on the recording panama	panama
what is a film noir on netflix ?	film noir
who is the publisher of fighting force 64	fighting force 64
name a tv program created by eric kripke	eric kripke
what asteroid was discovered at the palomar observatory	palomar observatory
which chromosome does arginase , type ii effect	arginase , type ii
who published enemy territory : quake wars ?	enemy territory : quake wars
what was the predecessor of the saab 9-5	saab 9-5
what country is kasautii zindagii kay broadcast to	kasautii zindagii kay
where is clarence m. condon originally from ?	clarence m. condon
what language is used in harriet said ...	harriet said ...
what type of album is small town dead	small town dead
which film was todd hunter a music contributor	todd hunter
what book is considered a speculative fiction ?	speculative fiction
what type of ride is the swamp fox	swamp fox
what country filmed all the sins of sodom	all the sins of sodom
what is a video game developed by tecmo	tecmo
who developed mobile suit gundam : crossfire ?	mobile suit gundam : crossfire
who was daniel lawrence whitney inlfuenced by ?	daniel lawrence whitney
what was a work written by fred saberhagen	fred saberhagen
what kind of film was pink puncher vol.88	pink puncher vol.88
is plutôt guitare a compact disc or dvd	plutôt guitare
what music is paul grabowsky known for ?	paul grabowsky
what is a season of a talent show	talent show
what types of school is marion-franklin high school	marion-franklin high school
who is philipp daniel merckle 's parent ?	philipp daniel merckle
which songs did carlene carter help compose ?	carlene carter
what netflix genre is cross of fire in	cross of fire
what is the name of a post-hardcore album	post-hardcore
what is a type of grunge album ?	grunge
what type of film is el madina ?	el madina
who is the artist that created animal serenade	animal serenade
where is ohio school for the deaf located	ohio school for the deaf
what is the profession of charlie moore ?	charlie moore
which fiction novel did mary balogh write ?	mary balogh
what 's a good example of a mystery	mystery
what is the nationality of andrew pattison ?	andrew pattison
what is a composition by paul mccartney ?	paul mccartney
what is the format of the firm ?	the firm
what type of aircraft is hawker hart ?	hawker hart
what is smokie 's compilation album called ?	compilation album
what is the gender of maurice capovila ?	maurice capovila
what 's an example of a prison gang	prison gang
which color does felix varela high school have	felix varela high school
what kind of show is bret maverick ?	bret maverick
what track is represented by the recording dharma	dharma
what 's a shooter available on xbox 360	xbox 360
what position does chuck dressen play in baseball	chuck dressen
which region was way beyond released in ?	way beyond
what architectural style is the manhattan building in	manhattan building
what star system does 20856 hamzabari belong to	20856 hamzabari
what is the nationality of katherine nash rhoades	katherine nash rhoades
what kind of school was raymore–peculiar high school	raymore–peculiar high school
who is mako ( actor ) 's mother	mako
what is an adaptation of nineteen eighty-four ?	nineteen eighty-four
who is an artist of indie music ?	indie music
which team does scott riggs race for ?	scott riggs
what did joseph cuschieri make a career doing	joseph cuschieri
which position in hockey did dylan reese play	dylan reese
which release was the the recording panama on	panama
what type of release was band of gold	band of gold
which female iranian-american plays the frame drum ?	frame drum
what 's one of sting 's albums ?	sting
what 's a bollywood movie released in 1966	bollywood
what is rosemary hawley jarman 's profession ?	rosemary hawley jarman
what format was excess luggage released on ?	excess luggage
who is the author of preparing web graphics	preparing web graphics
which position does gary majewski currently play ?	gary majewski
what is aqeel karim dhedhi 's profession ?	aqeel karim dhedhi
what is an example of a painting ?	painting
what type of film genre is young cassidy	young cassidy
what airport does piedmont airlines operate at ?	piedmont airlines
what is a track from up all night	up all night
what is crimson avenger ( lee travis )	crimson avenger
what is the redback spider classified as ?	redback spider
what is the profession of ravi babu ?	ravi babu
what kind of show is the harvey girls	the harvey girls
what style of artist is wave machines ?	wave machines
name a game that is a football genre	football
whats the name of a marvel universe character	marvel universe
what type of music is recorded on anorexia	anorexia
what does thomas holcroft do for a living	thomas holcroft
who is an artist of heavy metal ?	heavy metal
what 's the best way to describe karnaval	karnaval
which post-hardcore albums were released in canada ?	post-hardcore
what is the gender of cha sun young	cha sun young
what is the hunt for red october about	the hunt for red october
what state is upper uwchlan township located in	upper uwchlan township
whats the location of a town in india	india
which release is o holy night on ?	o holy night
what country was affected by 1924 cuba hurricane	1924 cuba hurricane
what production company produced the matinee idol ?	the matinee idol
what type of music does alain souchon make	alain souchon
what is an american motion picture in drama	drama
what kind of book is malvina of brittany	malvina of brittany
who received the rank of crown prince ?	crown prince
how is fremont cottonwood 0.1 injectable solution administered	fremont cottonwood 0.1 injectable solution
who is an example of a fictional lawyer	lawyer
where was palo pinto gold released in ?	palo pinto gold
which language is spoken in dinner and driving	dinner and driving
what 's a book about the solar system	solar system
what type of lake is lake accotink ?	lake accotink
what was amalasuntha 's cause of death ?	amalasuntha
name an album from the experimental rock genre	experimental rock
where is tom farmer 's country of nationality	tom farmer
who is known to play the guitar ?	guitar
which 1989 film was devdas adapted in ?	devdas
what city is emil bach house based in	emil bach house
what category is battleship potemkin under on netflix	battleship potemkin
california is a track on what release ?	california
who 's a superhero that has superhuman strength	superhuman strength
who 's an example of an jazz artist	jazz
what kind of movie is richard the second	richard the second
what country was the fab five shown in	the fab five
what is the release type of divin amanda	divin amanda
what book has mystery as its primary subject	mystery
what is the gender of neal bascomb ?	neal bascomb
what type of book is wanted for murder	wanted for murder
what basketball position does robert witka play ?	robert witka
what is travis fimmel known for being ?	travis fimmel
what software is in web application framework ?	web application framework
what film is in the genre mystery ?	mystery
who is the featured artist of run mpc	run mpc
what type of instrument does skream play ?	skream
which language is spoken in the movie telly	telly
who is the publisher of writings and drawings	writings and drawings
what american country does sam laws claim nationality	sam laws
what album has the song new york city	new york city
what country is redwood trailer village in ?	redwood trailer village
what 's a genre that describes the note	the note
what is the genre for waters edge ?	waters edge
what is the gender of denis keegan ?	denis keegan
what position does jake gibbs play in football	jake gibbs
what is a song by frederick delius ?	song
what is an active ingredient of aspirin ?	aspirin
what kind of car is cunningham inside-drive limousine-146-a	cunningham inside-drive limousine-146-a
where is the film bride of violence from	bride of violence
what is a book about public health ?	public health
what is the name of a drama film	drama film
name a county located in tamms , illinois	tamms , illinois
what kind of music does grain shifter make	grain shifter
what song is on an ideal for living	an ideal for living
which recording contains the release track barbados ?	barbados
what kind of book is voyage with jason	voyage with jason
which color is represented of lourdes high school	lourdes high school
what language is utilized for the film smashed	smashed
who writes the television episode 12.03.02 - tuesday	12.03.02 - tuesday
what is a musical film from czech ?	musical
which language is written in file under popular	file under popular
what type of rock does daniel levitin write	daniel levitin
what 's a work that is about education	education
who wrote the saint and the hapsburg necklace	the saint and the hapsburg necklace
what person died from a myocardial infarction ?	myocardial infarction
which city was akbar rasyid born in ?	akbar rasyid
what is the name of a compilation album	compilation album
what is a film written by david winters	david winters
who developed the computer game sword of mana	sword of mana
what is a track created by duke ellington	duke ellington
who is one of oliver ames 's children	oliver ames
which film is of the lgbt genre ?	lgbt
what is the gender identity of yiannis papaioannou	yiannis papaioannou
what kind of music on upside downside ?	upside downside
what is the nationality of jo-myeong jeon ?	jo-myeong jeon
which stephen king novel takes place in maine	maine
whats a subject of hobbes and republican liberty	hobbes and republican liberty
who was the cinematographer for jackass 3d ?	jackass 3d
what italian football player was born in pisa	pisa
what kind of game is tōkidenshō angel eyes	tōkidenshō angel eyes
over which main star does 40409 taichikato move	40409 taichikato
what is a track off the release koncert	koncert
what topic gallery does pope-peter pprubens appear in	pope-peter pprubens
who is the parent of steve gainey ?	steve gainey
where in romania did ignat bednarik die ?	ignat bednarik
what is herman of alaska 's gender ?	herman of alaska
who did the costume design for hard target	hard target
whats the name of a midfielder football player	midfielder
what fiction genre is finity 's end considered	finity 's end
which european country is estanislao figueras from ?	estanislao figueras
where was sax alto : 2ª raccolta released	sax alto : 2ª raccolta
what is the name of an independent school	independent school
what is a track from the album ghetto	ghetto
who is a musician signed with rounder records	rounder records
name a woman who was born in massachusetts	massachusetts
what are thriller ( genre ) films ?	thriller
which country was knuffelrock 17 mainly released in	knuffelrock 17
what is the profession of loleatta holloway ?	loleatta holloway
what art form did albrecht durer practice ?	albrecht durer
what is ( 11922 ) 1992 ut3 ?	( 11922 ) 1992 ut3
is austin college a private or public school	austin college
the release track blue is from which release	blue
what sort of film is john james audubon	john james audubon
is grey 's anatomy indie rock or classical	grey 's anatomy
what type of book is isle of view	isle of view
what 's an album by the wailing souls	the wailing souls
what kind of film is moe no suzaku	moe no suzaku
which artist created the hurdy gurdy man album	the hurdy gurdy man
which genre does the crown witness fall under	the crown witness
what type of genre is robbie merrill ?	robbie merrill
that aircraft type does sikorsky s-70 belong to	sikorsky s-70
who is a person born in kentish town	kentish town
what 's an album written by dean martin	dean martin
what did james william benson die from ?	james william benson
who directed the lovers on the bridge ?	the lovers on the bridge
what is no money down an example of	no money down
what type of music is kill ii this	kill ii this
name a culinary school in the united states	united states
who is a famous person born in emporium	emporium
what was the subject of the film snow	snow
what team has j. j. arrington played for	j. j. arrington
what is the birth place of leo drey	leo drey
what kind of musical format is canada ?	canada
who produced clint eastwood ( album version )	clint eastwood
name a release in the album poems .	poems
what is the label that raven-symoné is under	raven-symoné
what sector is prs for music associated with	prs for music
what type of music is out of view	out of view
what genre is the artist epic mazur ?	epic mazur
where did the siege of srebrenica take place	siege of srebrenica
what soccer position does juan carlos ecomba play	juan carlos ecomba
what is the topic of drummer hoff ?	drummer hoff
where was the birth place of arūnas matelis	arūnas matelis
who developed wik and the fable of souls	wik and the fable of souls
what 's an adventure film released in 1994	adventure film
who is a famous asian film producer ?	film producer
what is a track on batten the hatches	batten the hatches
which country was surbhi tiwari born in ?	surbhi tiwari
what compilation album is the game featured on	the game
who was the librettist of porgy and bess	porgy and bess
what country is 1992 penfolds grange from ?	1992 penfolds grange
what is a track on the recording stroke	stroke
what gender group does nagesh kukunoor belong to	nagesh kukunoor
what is a track by gabriela anders ?	gabriela anders
what music is in espion , lève-toi ?	espion , lève-toi
in what european city di geoff bent die	geoff bent
what kind of film is to die for	to die for
which city in texas does kxan-tv services ?	kxan-tv
who wrote the lyrics for be prepared ?	be prepared
what position in soccer does cristian dancia play	cristian dancia
what type of work does isabelle champeau do	isabelle champeau
what 's an example of a drama film	drama film
who is a famous armenians novelist and playwright	armenians
what position does troy walters play in soccer	troy walters
what was the gender of micheline bona ?	micheline bona
what city in pennsylvania was sister carrie published	sister carrie
which world war did oskar-hubert dennhardt fight in	oskar-hubert dennhardt
who produced the song desert of our love	desert of our love
what 's a college located in nova scotia	nova scotia
what book is published by jerry spinelli ?	jerry spinelli
in what time zone is lantau island located	lantau island
what is the game genre of monster bash	monster bash
what kind of television show is freeze ?	freeze
what is the name of a water ride	water ride
what subject is the biological universe about ?	the biological universe
what film is a type of fantasy ?	fantasy
what is the title an indie film ?	indie film
what country was the commissioner released initially ?	the commissioner
what county is dąbrówka , lipno county in	dąbrówka , lipno county
what area was frederick douglass an activist in	frederick douglass
what film genre is the movie the dogwalker	the dogwalker
which language does juan josé núñez díaz speak	juan josé núñez díaz
name someone who was born in sao paulo	sao paulo
what release came from the recording new york	new york
what is hilderaldo bellini 's cause of death	hilderaldo bellini
what is m. s. gill 's gender ?	m. s. gill
what is a language spoken in russia ?	russia
what album was smooth criminal released on ?	smooth criminal
what kind of book is careless in red	careless in red
what is a track performed by philharmonia orchestra	philharmonia orchestra
what kind of sword is talwar hindú sxvii	talwar hindú sxvii
what 's an example of a drama film	drama film
name an african american anchorwoman from littleton ?	african american
what is the restaurant that serves barbecue ?	barbecue
where is el silencio , panama located ?	el silencio , panama
what genre of music does neil landon write	neil landon
what kind of program is itazura na kiss	itazura na kiss
what is st. francis preparatory school 's color	st. francis preparatory school
what is a release from barclay records ?	barclay records
what genre of program is creature comforts ?	creature comforts
who is maureen starkey tigrett 's child ?	maureen starkey tigrett
what type of barbie was released in 1993	barbie
who was the founder of university of chicago	university of chicago
in which platform does the mummy returns play	the mummy returns
which island group is formentera a part of	formentera
which language is the film death run in	death run
what drug does mylan laboratories inc. make ?	mylan laboratories inc.
which albums contain the track blown away ?	blown away
what is the name of an entertainment company	entertainment
which genre is the artist saliva associated with	saliva
berkeley arts magnet is what type of school	berkeley arts magnet
which football position is joe muha charged of	joe muha
whats the name of a folk music artist	folk music
what is the pier 's film format ?	the pier
what genre is richard wagner and german opera	richard wagner and german opera
which olympic games did lebanon take park in	lebanon
what is patra ( singer ) 's nationality	patra
what kind of music does miksha make ?	miksha
what is the name of a blues-rock album	blues-rock
what release came from the recording 2002 ?	2002
what is the color for endicott college ?	endicott college
name a song written by robb johnson .	robb johnson
what is the make of oldsmobile toronado ?	oldsmobile toronado
what position does footballer ian porterfield play ?	ian porterfield
who was the director for the beaver ?	the beaver
what is the genre of meerkat manor ?	meerkat manor
what is dirty work a notable type of	dirty work
what track would you find on hard candy	hard candy
what is an example of a drama film	drama film
which scottish politician was born in springburn ?	springburn
what is a album of contemporary christian music	contemporary christian music
what 's an instrument that kneel cohn plays	kneel cohn
what is a film produced by arnold kopelson	arnold kopelson
who wrote the lyrics for shamrock diaries ?	shamrock diaries
what 's the sex of charles thorson ?	charles thorson
what is the profession of efraim sevela ?	efraim sevela
what is the mouth of the roanoke river	roanoke river
what is a 2013 sony computer entertainment game	sony computer entertainment
whats the name of david krumholtz 's mom	david krumholtz
what is the name of a fantasy book	fantasy
which artist recorded it hurts me too ?	it hurts me too
who was the editor for the golden road	the golden road
what is one of pied piper singles ?	pied piper
is chrome shelled regios in chinese or japanese	chrome shelled regios
what is a famous art piece about hay	hay
what is the ethnicity of giles latcham ?	giles latcham
what 's an indie film released in 1911	indie film
name a film in the lgbt genre .	lgbt
what film is by the warner bros. ?	warner bros.
what type of celestial body is tau centauri	tau centauri
what language is royal institution christmas lectures in	royal institution christmas lectures
what is the game a famous type of	the game
what state contains part of the coosa river	coosa river
who is a production company that performed othello	othello
what is a song from valentine 's day	valentine 's day
what art medium does horst gläsker work within	horst gläsker
what is the subject of the christmas candle	the christmas candle
what 's an example of a drug formulation	drug
who is a player in the rugby league	rugby league
what kind of film is anand aur anand	anand aur anand
what gender is wissam dandan identified as ?	wissam dandan
what sort of music does holly williams play	holly williams
what was the profession of dorjee khandu ?	dorjee khandu
what language is peter and the wolf in	peter and the wolf
which artist sings drips ( feat. eminem )	drips ( feat. eminem )
this artist is synonymous with crossover thrash .	crossover thrash
what type of music is earnest woodall ?	earnest woodall
who published the book edition the beckoning lady	the beckoning lady
what movement was giacinto brandi associated with ?	giacinto brandi
what army is doctor watson a part of	doctor watson
who is the father of alexandros panagoulis ?	alexandros panagoulis
what are the episode names of mayne street	mayne street
what football position does azizon abdul kadir play	azizon abdul kadir
what country has a content rating of 12+	12+
what versions of i miss you are there	i miss you
which conflict was yitzhak rabin part of ?	yitzhak rabin
what crime fiction film was released in 1989	crime fiction
what is anca miruna lazarescu 's gender ?	anca miruna lazarescu
what is a written work by ali-shir nava'i	ali-shir nava'i
what kind of music does the go-betweens perform	the go-betweens
which music category is run with it in	run with it
john tunney claims nationality from which nation ?	john tunney
what is the great khali 's ethnicity ?	the great khali
what position does athlete hair zeqiri play ?	hair zeqiri
which film did barry adamson work on ?	barry adamson
which cherish album was an album release ?	album
name a film from the experimental film genre	experimental film
what japanese detective film depicts crime fiction ?	crime fiction
what religion did annie royle taylor practice ?	annie royle taylor
what is a track from unnatural selection ?	unnatural selection
what band recorded the album speaking in tongues	speaking in tongues
where is 29th louisiana infantry regiment from ?	29th louisiana infantry regiment
who is an artist within the futurism movement	futurism
who wrote the story for a goofy movie	a goofy movie
which organization was created for parkinson 's disease	parkinson 's disease
what type of movie is thanga meenkal ?	thanga meenkal
who is the costume designer of sexy beast	sexy beast
what is a song from miles davis ?	miles davis
what is an album by cheryl cole ?	cheryl cole
which company published the videogame galaxy 5000 ?	galaxy 5000
what are the lectures of the arya about	lectures of the arya
who complied a the greastest hits of album	the greastest hits of
what movie has dj shadow contributed music to	dj shadow
what are stops along the pink line ?	pink line
what disease is treated in internal medicine department	internal medicine
what is the ethnicity of konnie huq ?	konnie huq
how is prairie sage 0.05 injectable solution administered	prairie sage 0.05 injectable solution
what is an example of a public university	public university
access all arenas is what kind of album	access all arenas
who was involved in world war ii ?	world war ii
what physical format is braxton hicks available in	braxton hicks
what record label is hadda brooks signed to	hadda brooks
which drama film was released in 1922 ?	drama film
what is the gender of alan m. wilner	alan m. wilner
who is t. j. mcdonald 's father ?	t. j. mcdonald
what county does west yorkshire have administration in	west yorkshire
name a film john carpenter has directed .	john carpenter
what is song from the soft rock release	soft rock
which country do they speak gusilay language ?	gusilay language
who was an influence to jens peter jacobsen	jens peter jacobsen
what country does the playboys take place ?	the playboys
martin parker is this kind of athlete .	martin parker
what kind of music does the ocean perform	the ocean
which comic book writer was born in pennsylvania	pennsylvania
what is the origin of the name bjarne	bjarne
what is the subject of the sacred band	the sacred band
what 's a film that brad grey produced	brad grey
what industry does game arts operate in ?	game arts
what is the color of jenkins high school	jenkins high school
what track was ronnie montrose the producer of	ronnie montrose
what is the profession of david david ?	david david
who is the mother of hazel krasinski ?	hazel krasinski
which language is the composition blue bayou in	blue bayou
which artist recorded 1999 ( keep steppin )	1999 ( keep steppin )
what book edition did toni morrison publish ?	toni morrison
what language is spoken in everything is incredible	everything is incredible
what 's an example of a k-pop album	k-pop
which position does ricardo rincón play in baseball	ricardo rincón
what time zone is autauga county in ?	autauga county
what 's an instrument that eloy fritsch played	eloy fritsch
name a track in the music recording poison	poison
which netflix genre does showbiz belong to ?	showbiz
what kind of album is live dates ?	live dates
what country is the film almost human from	almost human
what is a model of a regional jet	regional jet
is 25430 ericlarson an asteroid or a planet	25430 ericlarson
what region is love scenes released in ?	love scenes
what blog is xeni jardin the blogger of	xeni jardin
what person was born in mount holly ?	mount holly
is jatto ceesay a man or a woman	jatto ceesay
what album contains the song attack ! !	attack ! !
what is the nationality of fatih erkoç ?	fatih erkoç
where in europe is wombwell located in ?	wombwell
what 's the soundtrack for mega man x3	mega man x3
which movie genre is sioux city found in	sioux city
what type of album is the best of	the best of
what type of game is colin mcrae rally	colin mcrae rally
what is the parent category to garden gnome	garden gnome
what 's one video that rob corddry directed	rob corddry
who is a short stop baseball player ?	baseball player
what subject is managing expert systems based on	managing expert systems
the recording birthday girl is from what release	birthday girl
who is the son of ann paula cusack	ann paula cusack
what is the release type of fatalna ljubav	fatalna ljubav
which literary work is about the literature subject	literature
how was are you with me ? released	are you with me ?
what series is the tv episode ludacris from	ludacris
where is the saha institute of nuclear physics	saha institute of nuclear physics
what is the compositional form of number one	number one
what type of music does steve bailey make	steve bailey
what subject is a part of intelligence failure	intelligence failure
where is florida did suzanne keller die ?	suzanne keller
what is the significance of quincy market ?	quincy market
what is a song by richard m. sherman	richard m. sherman
what type of movie is antony and cleopatra	antony and cleopatra
where is the team real sociedad located ?	real sociedad
who is the author of fell of dark	fell of dark
what is a contemporary r & b album	contemporary r & b
which time zone does porto azzurro fall under	porto azzurro
what type of music does abbà pater make	abbà pater
which artist released unsound festival ny 2010 ?	unsound festival ny 2010
what is an album of disco music ?	disco music
what type of art does anastasiya markovich produce	anastasiya markovich
what is the marketed formulation of titanium dioxide	titanium dioxide
in what german city did hermann beckh die	hermann beckh
what kind of music does tim armstrong play	tim armstrong
györgy miklósy 's nationality is in what country	györgy miklósy
what type of book is river god ?	river god
what organization did martin e. segal found ?	martin e. segal
which country did the film subhysteria come from	subhysteria
what genre is the book wiseguy classified under	wiseguy
what is jose c. abriol 's religion ?	jose c. abriol
what kind of music is on studio 1	studio 1
what day of the year is lughnasadh ?	lughnasadh
which tv series takes place in atlanta ?	atlanta
what is nirpal singh dhaliwal known for being	nirpal singh dhaliwal
what country produced the film two orphan vampires	two orphan vampires
what country is the city mezzanino in ?	mezzanino
who is an artist of indie rock ?	indie rock
chanson is a genre that what artist plays	chanson
which nation is darren walker originally from ?	darren walker
what is a game published by gt interactive	gt interactive
what type of music does east 17 create	east 17
what is the nationality of carlos carrasco ?	carlos carrasco
what are cities in avoyelles parish , louisiana	avoyelles parish
what type of game is nascar rumble ?	nascar rumble
what 's the original version of tekken 6	tekken 6
what is the sex of david swift ?	david swift
what is the gender of john light senior	john light senior
what book is written about the tudor period	tudor period
what is the nationality of toni wilkens ?	toni wilkens
what language is mistress of mistresses written in	mistress of mistresses
what kind of film is the deadbeat club	the deadbeat club
what language is mission to caracas written in	mission to caracas
where in southern california did sherman block die	sherman block
who is the artist who recored original sin	original sin
what is phillip ean cohen 's nationality ?	phillip ean cohen
what 's a book about the united states	united states
where is the location of himachal pradesh ?	himachal pradesh
what type of release did lifeforms have ?	lifeforms
who composed eve of destruction ( song )	eve of destruction
what class of vehicle is the mg 5	mg 5
what song was bill monroe the composer for	bill monroe
what books are written about modern philosophy ?	modern philosophy
in which conflict did alexander hay participate in	alexander hay
what is the name of a gotye album	gotye
what is the genre of forest of bliss	forest of bliss
what army was involved in battle of plymouth	battle of plymouth
which italian composer who performed baroque music ?	composer
what is the release track on prime minister	prime minister
in what geological category is lake tahoe considered	lake tahoe
which song contains lost and found : 1970-1978	lost and found : 1970-1978
what is a work directed by irwin allen	irwin allen
which album is red sails in the sunset	red sails in the sunset
what type of album is the greatest hits	the greatest hits
who is a character that lived in england	england
what is the military unit of kentucky ?	kentucky
which author was garret schuelke 's influence ?	garret schuelke
who created the music for the film evergreen	evergreen
what is a release on the recording sonny	sonny
what is a composition by dj premier ?	dj premier
what is wise county , virginia named after	wise county
is the dancer a soundtrack or compilation album	the dancer
what 's an arcade game released by capcom	arcade game
what is the canonical version of fever ?	fever
who is a person of the caucasian race	caucasian
what is the ethnicity of rasheed amjad ?	rasheed amjad
which fictional universe does hester black appear in	hester black
what gender is easily affected by graves disease	graves disease
what north american country is lili francks from	lili francks
what language was the discworld mapp written in	the discworld mapp
what was the discovery site for 8980 heliaca	8980 heliaca
what mountain range is wetterhorn peak in ?	wetterhorn peak
which language is ace high filmed in ?	ace high
what is maxim d. shrayer 's gender ?	maxim d. shrayer
in what time zone is discovery bay located	discovery bay
which music instrument is played in richie sambora	richie sambora
who was born in the united states ?	united states
what 's an adventure game made by konami	konami
which area does the radio station rfm serve	rfm
what legal structure does gray television have ?	gray television
who was a parent of frank joslyn baum	frank joslyn baum
what song is indiana a recording of ?	indiana
what type of music does dave alvin play	dave alvin
what type of celestial object is 20879 chengyuhsuan	20879 chengyuhsuan
name an artist who was known for printmaking	printmaking
what is a public university in india ?	public university
what type of rock music does lagwagon make	lagwagon
what was involved in battle of cove mountain	battle of cove mountain
what track is fall a recording of ?	fall
what is a major landmark in downtown cleveland	downtown cleveland
name a natural landmark located in pennsylvania .	pennsylvania
name an airport in which sunair operates .	sunair
what artist produced the album western underground ?	western underground
what type of music does jack dangers play	jack dangers
what area did tropical storm hermine affect ?	tropical storm hermine
where is la victoria district , lima ?	la victoria district , lima
what is the gender of monika gabriel ?	monika gabriel
what track was featured on the recording swimming	swimming
what major city does n4 road pass through	n4 road
who was a retired football defender player ?	defender
name a book in the literary criticism subject	literary criticism
what book title is a fiction literary genre	fiction
what type of binding does oblomov come in	oblomov
what is a track by steel hook prostheses	steel hook prostheses
what was jack bickham 's place of death	jack bickham
what is tom lantos a notable example of	tom lantos
what language is the green hornet in ?	the green hornet
what kind of book is hansel and gretel	hansel and gretel
what is a type of documentary film ?	documentary film
which subject does the patton papers 1885-1940 address	the patton papers 1885-1940
what song was produced by andy warhol ?	andy warhol
what 's a song written by the doors	song
what type of album is songs for sunday	songs for sunday
what book is dmitri raven ravinoff from ?	raven
where was the organization cub foods founded ?	cub foods
what kind of music does costa kotselas make	costa kotselas
name a film that jim davis produced .	jim davis
what was a game published by brash entertainment	brash entertainment
what kind of music is personal file ?	personal file
which producing company is henry iv in ?	henry iv
what species is the fiction character robert philip	robert philip
where is the royal borough of greenwich located	royal borough of greenwich
which series did patrick carman help write ?	patrick carman
what type of movie is slayers return ?	slayers return
what kind of music does austra make ?	austra
what comic book universe does starhawk appear in	starhawk
what does rob walker do for a living	rob walker
who did production design for good luck chuck	good luck chuck
what artist performs rhythm and blues music ?	rhythm and blues
which quartet is known for traditional music ?	traditional music
what sort of book is bury me deep	bury me deep
what is vincent s. perez 's ethnicity ?	vincent s. perez
which american football position does keiwan ratliff play	keiwan ratliff
what religion does saint john chrysostom pracitce ?	saint john chrysostom
who is a character from women of trachis	women of trachis
what travel destination is located near hagia sophia	hagia sophia
what type of industry is nippon-sharyo in ?	nippon-sharyo
what kind of academy is kunming international academy	kunming international academy
what caused the death of jerry orbach ?	jerry orbach
what is the name of an asteroid belt	asteroid belt
what song is from the recording mathematics ?	mathematics
what is a story where lois lane appears	lois lane
who is a famous american impressionism artist ?	american impressionism
where is scone , new south wales located	scone , new south wales
what is the shape of pravachol 40 tablet	pravachol 40 tablet
where was basketball player kim hughes born ?	kim hughes
what kind of music is the definitive collection	the definitive collection
what genre is the film scream bloody murder	scream bloody murder
what time zone is novi di modena in	novi di modena
which time zone is caprauna apart of ?	caprauna
who published high heat major league baseball 2004	high heat major league baseball 2004
whats an example of a known studio album	studio album
what kind of merchandise is included in disneyana	disneyana
what is a game version of las vegas	las vegas
what type of institution is washington legal foundation	washington legal foundation
who directed the movie the world is rich	the world is rich
what airport is close to saint lucia ?	saint lucia
monteciccardo is located in what time zone ?	monteciccardo
what song did oh , yes produce ?	oh , yes
what kind of art is giovanni francesco cassioni	giovanni francesco cassioni
what is the country of origin of burden	burden
name an estate within harford county , maryland	harford county , maryland
what is patricia lópez hernández known for ?	patricia lópez hernández
what is a season of mtv unplugged ?	mtv unplugged
what is an example of a history book	history
which state park is located in michigan ?	michigan
what is the nationality of a.d. miles ?	a.d. miles
jacques morel is known for what visual art	jacques morel
what area does the radio station kari serve	kari
where was the death place of glenn gould	glenn gould
where did robert lawson vaught pass away ?	robert lawson vaught
what is shankar dayal singh 's profession ?	shankar dayal singh
what film is written by harmony korine ?	harmony korine
what is the active moiety in polysorbate 80	polysorbate 80
what kind of program is adventure film ?	adventure film
who was the artist that put out singleactiongreen	singleactiongreen
what film format does a perfect match have	a perfect match
what is a world war ii film ?	world war ii
which short film stars the three stooges ?	short film
what species is the fictional character katherine pierce	katherine pierce
what is the name of a football defender	defender
what genre is the book the creator ?	the creator
what artist uses painting as visual art form	painting
what type of content is in concert ?	in concert
what did hiroshi kaneda discover in 1991 ?	hiroshi kaneda
what is a track from no words ?	no words
what position does footballer john pickering play ?	john pickering
what style of music is love foolosophy ?	love foolosophy
who was a person involved in byzantine–sasanian wars	byzantine–sasanian wars
what 's the release that boyfriend is from	boyfriend
where in north america is farrel corner located	farrel corner
where did the battle of ros-mhic-thriúin take place	battle of ros-mhic-thriúin
what is a food dish with akvavit ?	akvavit
what 's an object from the asteroid category	asteroid
in which city was ruth slenczynska born ?	ruth slenczynska
who is the author of sense and sensibility	sense and sensibility
what is urucuia a second level division of	urucuia
what language is spoken in the big fisherman	the big fisherman
what is the cause of spinal stenosis ?	spinal stenosis
how was personal devotion , volume one released	personal devotion , volume one
who was the publisher for pearls of lutra	pearls of lutra
name a character created by mike allred .	mike allred
what war did william darling participate in ?	william darling
who was the lyricist for the composition jeepster	jeepster
what 's an adventure film made in britain	adventure film
who is the artist from the reunion recording	reunion
what drug is used in colchicine 0.6 tablet	colchicine 0.6 tablet
what is the genre of the film santa	santa
what is an example of freestyle recording ?	freestyle
what country is indian institute of astrophysics in	indian institute of astrophysics
what football position does chartric darby play ?	chartric darby
where did joey maxim spend his last days	joey maxim
what is jared gutstadt a notable example of	jared gutstadt
what release has the track bullet on it	bullet
what country is bas van den brink from	bas van den brink
what film did robert conte write for ?	robert conte
what was the nationality of duane niatum ?	duane niatum
where is the film teach me ! from	teach me !
what island was involved in the mytilenean revolt	mytilenean revolt
in which language is the broadminded movie spoken	broadminded
what profession does terri david shumbris have ?	david shumbris
who is the forward for burundian football ?	forward
which state is nicolas g. cooper originally from	nicolas g. cooper
what label does black hippy belong to ?	black hippy
which turkey city was marcel zanini born in	marcel zanini
what 's an example of a war film	war film
which album was brothers & sisters listed on	brothers & sisters
what song is from space night vol. ix	space night vol. ix
what is the time zone for evergreen ?	evergreen
what 's a community based in california ?	california
whats the art form of cornelis de wael	cornelis de wael
what is the title of an animation film	animation
which track is part of anywhere but here	anywhere but here
greylands in a book in this genre .	greylands
who is the developer of bonanza bros. ?	bonanza bros.
which model is the predecessor to chrysler 300	chrysler 300
what is the higher classification of mimus ?	mimus
where did charles w. broun jr. pass away	charles w. broun jr.
who is one of jacinda barrett 's children	jacinda barrett
what goes into making a pimm 's cup	pimm 's cup
who is a man born in klagenfurt ?	klagenfurt
what is michael haydn a notable example of	michael haydn
what tracks are in the recording poems ?	poems
which war did john patrick hamilton attend to	john patrick hamilton
is helen lee worthing a male or female	helen lee worthing
which position is marques murrell known for playing	marques murrell
who is mother of isabella i of castile	isabella i of castile
what 's a film that featured convict lake	convict lake
where in california did lawrence w. levine die	lawrence w. levine
what is a version of the single viola	viola
what platform is empire : total war on	empire : total war
what language is spoken in the list movie	the list
what kind of release is true love ?	true love
what is the location of north salem ?	north salem
what is a song recorded by percy grainger	percy grainger
what fictional universe does girolamo savonarola appear in	girolamo savonarola
what genre of book is wild designs ?	wild designs
what country was passion 's way filmed in	passion 's way
what recording is on the track joseph ?	joseph
what larger neighborhood is middle village apart of	middle village
who worte the english ritual for knights templar	the english ritual for knights templar
what fictional character has a healing factor ?	healing factor
what type of tv show is legit ?	legit
what is a name of a documentary film	documentary film
what genre of tv program is unscripted ?	unscripted
what u.s. state is mystic located in ?	mystic
what album is main street a part of	main street
which album is i learned from you on	i learned from you
what kind of object is 3287 olmstead ?	3287 olmstead
what is a track off the gold album	gold
where is the carrickfergus borough council located ?	carrickfergus borough council
who is the artist on the recording spaceship	spaceship
what is rafael piccolotto de lima known for	rafael piccolotto de lima
what type of tv program is house party	house party
which country is the burning times released in	burning times
which genre is a moment of romance under	a moment of romance
what genre is the artwork the olive trees	the olive trees
which punk band recorded the song tomorrow ?	tomorrow
what 's an action film released in 1940	action film
which artist made a the greatest hits album	the greatest hits
give one example of a autobiography type book	autobiography
what does ( 27763 ) 1991 rn22 orbit	( 27763 ) 1991 rn22
what was jay harris 's place of birth	jay harris
what is an album from barry adamson ?	barry adamson
who is a parent of the character celebrimbor	celebrimbor
what metropolitan area is greensbriar found in ?	greensbriar
what is the ethnicity of heather hunter ?	heather hunter
what is raj bagri , baron bagri ?	raj bagri , baron bagri
in what language is ralph 124c 41+ written	ralph 124c 41+
is sibylle canonica a male of a female	sibylle canonica
what track was produced by roger waters ?	roger waters
where was a country fit for heroes released	a country fit for heroes
which series is there an episode called japan	japan
what is located in the united states ?	united states
is desperado the original version or a cover	desperado
what is the release track on the apparition	the apparition
what 's a jazz album by chuck mangione	jazz
what kind of mix is the ghost dub-dime	the ghost dub-dime
which mountains are partially located in tennessee ?	tennessee
who is a character created by margaret weis	margaret weis
what island is located in galápagos islands ?	galápagos islands
what label record is stacy lattisaw under ?	stacy lattisaw
who is the producer of the w.a.n.d. ?	the w.a.n.d.
what are the tracks on the recording cadillac	cadillac
what is the active ingredient in fosfomycin tromethamine	fosfomycin tromethamine
who was a founder of the cato institute	cato institute
what is an edition of the book matilda	matilda
what does herb sutter do for a living	herb sutter
what is the name of a solar system	solar system
what language is spoken in yankee doodle bugs	yankee doodle bugs
what ethnic group does soccoh kabia belong to	soccoh kabia
what is the subject of wollaston medal ?	wollaston medal
who was the author of sleeping in flame	sleeping in flame
who wrote the music for ghosts of mars	ghosts of mars
which organization was founded by john danforth ?	john danforth
what release type did 800 balas have ?	800 balas
which teams played in the the summit league	the summit league
what is hiram n. breed 's nationality ?	hiram n. breed
which language is used in the vineyard man	the vineyard man
what diet does the dinosaur achillobator have ?	achillobator
is shogo saito left handed or right handed	shogo saito
what kind of music does tonina torrielli perform	tonina torrielli
what is brett kebble 's cause of death	brett kebble
what style of paint does mary kelly paint	mary kelly
the release track delicatessen is from which recording	delicatessen
what is the record label of clare fischer	clare fischer
what 's a release from nobody told me	nobody told me
what types of music is broken wings ep	broken wings ep
what track is in the recording madagascar ?	madagascar
what is a name of a regiment ?	regiment
what type of object is the 12312 väte	12312 väte
what is an asteroid in the asteroid belt	asteroid belt
what program is a type of animation ?	animation
what film is produced by ismail merchant ?	ismail merchant
hits ! was released under this label .	hits !
what position does footballer brian caswell play ?	brian caswell
victoria is the release track off what recording	victoria
what rank of organism is a tomato ?	tomato
what is an attraction to see in ohio	ohio
what is the nationality of charles dutoit ?	charles dutoit
what genre is the artist john gosling ?	john gosling
what 's an album by the inner circle	album
to what film did robbie robertson contribute music	robbie robertson
what 's an airport located in tippecanoe county	tippecanoe county
which california city was don zimmerman born in	don zimmerman
what film was ernst lubitsch the director of	ernst lubitsch
what is a track from 16 greatest hits	16 greatest hits
what language is between yesterday and tomorrow in	between yesterday and tomorrow
what type os music does anita lerche perform	anita lerche
what time zone is valley springs in ?	valley springs
what genre of music does brewster productions make	brewster productions
what religion does anwarul karim chowdhury practice ?	anwarul karim chowdhury
name someone who was killed by hodgkin lymphoma	hodgkin lymphoma
which format was in memoriam filmed in ?	in memoriam
who is the son of maclyn mccarty ?	maclyn mccarty
what is an album released by bon jovi	bon jovi
what camera has an iso of 120 ?	120
which artist is part of fania records ?	fania records
who was born in new york city ?	new york city
who directed terrible teddy , the grizzly king	terrible teddy , the grizzly king
what is 4151 alanhale a member of ?	4151 alanhale
what 's a song written by e.e. cummings	song
name an artist under sony bmg music entertainment	sony bmg music entertainment
what genre of film is may fools ?	may fools
which areas were affected by typhoon haikui ?	typhoon haikui
which artist is considered an indie rock artist	indie rock
is need you now blue or pop rock	need you now
what sort of music does louie austen play	louie austen
what is dujiangyan city a notable example ?	dujiangyan city
which baseball position is played by pete allen	pete allen
what country is bhagwan parshuram filmed in ?	bhagwan parshuram
what is a song on magic theatre ?	magic theatre
what kinds of movie is dharma karma netflix	dharma karma
what shape is the zaroxolyn 10 tablet ?	zaroxolyn 10 tablet
which bluegrass artist recorded the song fireball ?	fireball
where is the radio station kxgn located ?	kxgn
what religion does musa khan ahmadzai practice ?	musa khan ahmadzai
who wrote lyrics for flying for me ?	flying for me
what is the category of 6488 drebach ?	6488 drebach
what genre of music is rjd2 classified as	rjd2
downhill willie was a film directed by who	downhill willie
name a county located in the united states	united states
what season is the tv episode turkey from	turkey
what is a type of radio network ?	radio network
which time zone is villabate apart of ?	villabate
name someone who died of a myocardial infarction	myocardial infarction
what is the country of origin of deadline	deadline
what diocese is located in county sligo ?	county sligo
what is the subjects of catherine carmier ?	catherine carmier
what school published the catalyst ( magazine )	catalyst
which autobiographical book is based in england ?	england
which mountain range does serratus mountain belong to	serratus mountain
who is the artist on the recording venus	venus
what category is the film shifter under ?	shifter
what ingredient is used in chloroxylenol 15.75 liquid	chloroxylenol 15.75 liquid
what is the sex of edgar valter ?	edgar valter
name a track off of the ultimate wedding	the ultimate wedding
what is the composition made by roy harper	roy harper
what type of release is cosmic turnaround ?	cosmic turnaround
where was cesare gravina 's place of death	cesare gravina
what is the birth place of johnnie hector	johnnie hector
who is someone that is african american ?	african american
what game is published by virgin interactive ?	virgin interactive
who was the producer for the album flesh	flesh
what is kevin costner 's mom 's name	kevin costner
what is the media type of the turkey	turkey
what kind of movie is that uncertain feeling	that uncertain feeling
name a canvas painting by french artist delacroix	canvas
what position is josé della torre charged of	josé della torre
what is the name of an art gallery	art gallery
where is the prednisone 2.5 tablet available ?	prednisone 2.5 tablet
what is the parent disease of macular degeneration	macular degeneration
what series is bedtime stories a part of	bedtime stories
what artist is the song free form ?	free
which artist recorded draped up ( remix )	draped up ( remix )
which language does david j. bloomfield speak ?	david j. bloomfield
what albums are by creedence clearwater revival ?	creedence clearwater revival
what is the position of jamie watson ?	jamie watson
what is a character that belongs to saiyan	saiyan
what is a release from rca records ?	rca records
which country is tehran : another side from	tehran : another side
in which nation is elbow lake located ?	elbow lake
what is the nationality of steve henderson ?	steve henderson
what book 's main subject involves bullfighting ?	bullfighting
which comic book series did frank miller create	frank miller
what position is volodymyr sharan known for playing	volodymyr sharan
what is the name of a social enterprise	social enterprise
what kind of water body is mccombe lake	mccombe lake
what film is a type of lgbt ?	lgbt
what is the name of a country album	country
what kind of label is songs of christmas	songs of christmas
who is the artist on interscope records ?	interscope records
what producer is behind the film blue ?	blue
is tonight we ride country or folk music	tonight we ride
what is the southernmost section of jersey city	jersey city
what topic is the new world order on	the new world order
what genre of music does the whitlams make	the whitlams
what format was hollies sing dylan released as	hollies sing dylan
who is someone that has the disease prosopagnosia	prosopagnosia
what the the cvg genre of square circle	square circle
which album did peanut butter get released on	peanut butter
what form is the composition never never ?	never never
what medium was the bathers painted on ?	the bathers
in which state can one find canaan ?	canaan
what 's a color of bulacan state university	bulacan state university
what time zone is falls city in ?	falls city
what type of film is chori chori ?	chori chori
what kind of music does nicki minaj sing	nicki minaj
what technique in cricket does rohit sharma use	rohit sharma
what is a short film from 1959 ?	short film
name an artist from emi record label .	emi
whats the release type of the album 1916	1916
name an album from the spoken word genre	spoken word
what ethnicity is ludwig mies van der rohe	ludwig mies van der rohe
what is an instrumental song by jim fuller	jim fuller
who did the cinematography of battle angel ova	battle angel
where was alberto de la rocha 's birthplace	alberto de la rocha
what position does bert haas play in baseball	bert haas
what genre of music does joan kennedy make	joan kennedy
what kind of music does devin townsend make	devin townsend
which language is used in the dawn rider	the dawn rider
what language is spoken in s club search	s club search
what is the origin city of band applejaxx	applejaxx
which series is the episode jennifer hudson on	jennifer hudson
what is a work written by warren leight	warren leight
what is the name of the german essayist	essayist
what genre of music is tomorrows bad seeds	tomorrows bad seeds
je tsongkhapa was influenced by what buddhist philosopher	je tsongkhapa
who is the lyricist from heaven beside you	heaven beside you
what is an album made by bob dylan	bob dylan
what country is rio salado community college in	rio salado community college
what color is the pramipexole dihydrochloride 1 tablet	pramipexole dihydrochloride 1 tablet
the language is in the film tokyo giants	tokyo giants
what netflix genre does the forest belong to	the forest
what is an example of a romance film	romance film
what genetic disorder has malnutrition as a symptom	malnutrition
what was the death location of walter behrendt	walter behrendt
what country is the racehorse kris kin from	kris kin
which region was the quiet zone released in	quiet zone
which release was north carolina recorded on ?	north carolina
where was distance education council founded in ?	distance education council
what type of movie is the ultimate gift	the ultimate gift
what is a novel written by simon hawke	novel
what is if p , then q about	if p , then q
what tv/film director was born in gijón ?	gijón
what video game did ea uk develop ?	ea uk
what is the sex of ellie rowsell ?	ellie rowsell
what is the name of a family film	family film
what games have been published by activision blizzard	activision blizzard
what book is written by susan choi ?	susan choi
what is the profession of alan paul ?	alan paul
what format was the jacksons story released on	the jacksons story
what is charlie bird known for being ?	charlie bird
who was a famous cricketeer born in woolwich	woolwich
what is a book written by douglas kirkland	douglas kirkland
twilight is the release track from what recording	twilight
what genre of music does soko perform ?	soko
where does the license for purandara lie ?	purandara
what is a track on vengeance is mine	vengeance is mine
what kind of film is vampire junction ?	vampire junction
who recorded a version of the song senseless	senseless
what position does eufemio cabral play in football	eufemio cabral
which gender does oliver stanley murs identify as	oliver stanley murs
which bridge is on the schuylkill river ?	schuylkill river
what country is james pickles originally from ?	james pickles
what is the gender of romeo munoz cachola	romeo munoz cachola
what category of film is mondays at racine	mondays at racine
what language is bricks and mortar in ?	bricks and mortar
what is the active ingredient in ethanol ?	ethanol
what country is the good bad man from	the good bad man
which books were published by carcanet press ?	carcanet press
what is something named after john f. lacey	john f. lacey
what profession does gladys ellen hunt have ?	gladys ellen hunt
what position did baseball player dick hahn play	dick hahn
to what film did stephen edwards contribute music	stephen edwards
what is a film directed by michel gondry	michel gondry
what war did abraham bowman take part in	abraham bowman
which language group does karaim language come from	karaim language
who is an artist who performs folk music	folk music
what genre of music is steve hewitt ?	steve hewitt
what is the release track on winter songs	winter songs
what language is the home front in ?	the home front
what kind of album is whiskey before breakfast	whiskey before breakfast
what art period is zhang huan apart of	zhang huan
which 2007 game did massive entertainment developed ?	massive entertainment
name a track by little louie vega .	little louie vega
who is the artist for porcupine tree ?	porcupine tree
what game is a strategy video game ?	strategy video game
what is a track in the boston album	boston
what type of film is step up ?	step up
what was the discovery site of 3000 leonardo	3000 leonardo
what flavor is peptic relief 262 suspension ?	peptic relief 262 suspension
what type of mountain is lars christensen peak	lars christensen peak
what kind of celestial object is 1631 kopff	1631 kopff
where in california did helen howard die ?	helen howard
what did larry gilbert do for a living	larry gilbert
which musician composed andrews sisters meet bing crosby	andrews sisters meet bing crosby
who 's a famous person from st. louis	st. louis
what position does football player guy ngosso play	guy ngosso
which country did the scorpio letters come from	the scorpio letters
what game is published by artix entertainment ?	artix entertainment
the solar system contains what planetary system ?	solar system
what formulation is a form of solution ?	solution
what is frances weintraub lax 's nationality ?	frances weintraub lax
what film is directed by jonas mekas ?	jonas mekas
what film in from the genre drama ?	drama
what is a composition by mark white ?	mark white
where was the birth place of kenji suzuki	kenji suzuki
what is the profession of jordan howard ?	jordan howard
what 's a song from the recording seemann	seemann
what caused manuel gayoso de lemos 's death	manuel gayoso de lemos
who is a heavy metal group from canada	heavy metal
what is the song from the release raindancing	raindancing
what kind of film is zorg and andy	zorg and andy
name a work written by edgar allan poe	edgar allan poe
what is the name of a horror remake	horror
who is an example of a shooting guard	shooting guard
what 's a sports game made by capcom	capcom
what kind of game is kung-fu master ?	kung-fu master
what kinds of architecture is fox hill school	fox hill school
what track is the recording tokyo on ?	tokyo
what is an album recorded by ane brun	ane brun
name a book on the subject of recreation	recreation
what type of music does krystal meyers make	krystal meyers
what type of film is apache war smoke	apache war smoke
what release is the song hard times on	hard times
what song is falkland islands a recording of	falkland islands
what basketball position does demetris nichols play ?	demetris nichols
what is a track on the closer album	closer
who is the artist of the recording free	free
what was william windom 's cause of death	william windom
what type of rock is fat boost considered	fat boost
what type of album is black rose dying	black rose dying
what battle took place at the leyte gulf	leyte gulf
who 's a footballer that plays for cali	cali
what 's an example of a family film	family film
name a movie title in the drama genre	drama
who is the artist behind gold collection ?	gold collection
which tolstoy book is based in anarchism ?	anarchism
what university press published doctor jekyll and mr.hyde	doctor jekyll and mr.hyde
what drug tablets are shaped like a circle	circle
who was a producer of the release 12	12
who produced the movie house of the dead	house of the dead
what genre of video game is pinball illusions	pinball illusions
who plays under the genre of pop music	pop music
who is the father of augusta tigrett ?	augusta tigrett
what is the language spoken in kumara sambhavam	kumara sambhavam
what genre of music does bettye lavette make	bettye lavette
what religion does paresh baruah identify with ?	paresh baruah
where is the patuca river river located ?	patuca river
what is the release track on lovers rock	lovers rock
which drama films were released in 1989 ?	drama
what is the name of jacques chirac child	jacques chirac
what type of bridge is the rande bridge	rande bridge
where is an affected area of hurricane michelle	hurricane michelle
what country is king 5 news broadcast in	king 5 news
which language is spoken in quiet fire ?	quiet fire
what country is the city of winston located	winston
in which form is the greeting released presented	greeting
what release does the track newspaper come from	newspaper
what 's a film that dashiell hammett wrote	dashiell hammett
what film was louise rubacky the editor of	louise rubacky
what genre of film is savage beach ?	savage beach
which gender group does oscar kreuzer affiliate with	oscar kreuzer
what television shows have paul norris created ?	paul norris
what island group is antigua a part of	antigua
what book genre is changer of days ?	changer of days
where is carmelite church , warsaw located ?	carmelite church , warsaw
who cites alexander william williamson as an influence	alexander william williamson
what is the name of a drug ?	drug
what country is sans facon located in ?	sans facon
what state is kingwood houston located in ?	kingwood
what is the subject of red dragon ?	red dragon
name an artist from the indie rock genre	indie rock
what gender does james burke identify as ?	james burke
what team did win the 1979 world series	1979 world series
what is walter shanly known for being ?	walter shanly
what is the sequel to epic movie ?	epic movie
what kind of star system is 13117 pondicherry	13117 pondicherry
what genre of book is murder in montparnasse	murder in montparnasse
what is a track from the gibson brothers	the gibson brothers
what people is judy feld carr apart of	judy feld carr
which artist is responsible for live at orion	live at orion
what release type did le onde have ?	le onde
whats an example of a cvg action game	action game
who composed the piece titled down deep inside	down deep inside
what was subramaniam srinivasan 's place of death	subramaniam srinivasan
what language was used for maybe your baby	maybe your baby
who composed music for seed of chucky ?	seed of chucky
what category of film is the straight story	the straight story
where was victoria no. 203 made in ?	victoria no. 203
which album is of the content type soundtrack	soundtrack
what can you find within the united states	united states
which category is hemp for victory filed under	hemp for victory
who wrote the episode back in business ?	back in business
who was born in copiague , new york	copiague , new york
in what country is empalme villa constitución located	empalme villa constitución
who in the world was born in mexico	mexico
what is the genre of the album fredhead	fredhead
what events have happened at gillette stadium ?	gillette stadium
kyoka izumi died in which japanese city ?	kyoka izumi
what was kaushal lokuarachchi 's place of birth	kaushal lokuarachchi
what kind of album is live ! ?	live !
what is the nationality of shaun wright-phillips ?	shaun wright-phillips
what kind of celestial body is 2174 asmodeus	2174 asmodeus
is anna calvi art rock or dance music	anna calvi
richard harris is an episode in which series	richard harris
which famous football players were born in zemun	zemun
what kind of movie is north to alaska	north to alaska
what 's a version of the song timeless	timeless
what 's a subject discussed in tempted champions	tempted champions
which team attended the 2014 icc world twenty20	2014 icc world twenty20
what short film was released in 2007 ?	short film
what genre is the demon spirit classified as	the demon spirit
what was cutting corporate welfare written about ?	cutting corporate welfare
who was a famous person born in portland	portland
what 's an example of a fantasy film	fantasy
who is a character that is a gorilla	gorilla
which are examples of a clothing company ?	clothing
which country does donald crawford have nationality in	donald crawford
what television series had an episode entitled hawkeye	hawkeye
who is a member of the manson family	manson family
name a track from the artist franck dubosc	franck dubosc
with which hand does danny markov shoot with	danny markov
which player is a centerman in ice hockey	centerman
what was karl dönitz 's place of death	karl dönitz
what type of work does encana specialize in	encana
whose mother gave birth to them in london	london
what kind of music is on glory ?	glory
what sort of music is colloquio affiliated with	colloquio
which language is written in the arizona sword	the arizona sword
where on netflix does def by temptation live	def by temptation
who 's the executive producer of twin town	twin town
who was born in the united states ?	united states
joan balcells is best known as what ?	joan balcells
what musical genre is the album innocent eyes	innocent eyes
what radio station plays cherish ( group )	cherish
where in estonia was linnart mäll born ?	linnart mäll
what country was casi casi made in ?	casi casi
spike is a track from what musical release	spike
what is a drug ingredient in delavirdine mesylate	delavirdine mesylate
what radio program plays music from whitney houston	whitney houston
what is the gender of stan yale ?	stan yale
what city was edward s. curtis born in	edward s. curtis
what location is shelter island windmill in ?	shelter island windmill
what is the song from the composition blue	blue
what 's a song from the album liberation	liberation
what type of film is men and women	men and women
what is the game bubble bobble distributed as	bubble bobble
what american football position did broderick thomas play	broderick thomas
what polish footballer was born in warsaw ?	warsaw
what film was produced by jules white ?	jules white
who was the artist for switched-on bach ii	switched-on bach ii
what does tom provost do for a living	tom provost
what kind of government was francoist spain ?	francoist spain
what gallery does wtc arial march2001 appear in	wtc arial march2001
what game developer released the game road blaster	road blaster
in what australian island is brighton council located	brighton council
what position does billy hoeft play in baseball	billy hoeft
name an island in the shetland island group	shetland
what do the characters in la linea speak	la linea
what is a film directed by predrag antonijević	predrag antonijević
what is an album by patrick watson ?	album
what position does bryan kelly play in baseball	bryan kelly
what tv series was directed by james mangold	james mangold
what platform is the arcade machine played on	the arcade machine
which dish uses the ingredient turkey meat ?	turkey meat
which instrument did the member nichole nordeman play	nichole nordeman
what rating did the film southland tales receive	southland tales
who was the author of a beautiful mind	a beautiful mind
which fictional character did tom defalco create ?	tom defalco
which drug contains ciprofloxacin as its active ingredient	ciprofloxacin
what are some songs by gene clark ?	gene clark
who was the lyricist behind the composition heather	heather
who was birthed in dickson city , pennsylvania	dickson city , pennsylvania
what is the gender of salvatore bruno ?	salvatore bruno
what kind of animal is an irish setter	irish setter
who is an artist associated with baroque ?	baroque
what program was created by charles m. schulz	charles m. schulz
what is a track produced from cut chemist	cut chemist
what label is the the delmore brothers under	the delmore brothers
what 's a rocket that has been flown	flown
what type of art form is herb jackson	herb jackson
which country is the film happy tears from	happy tears
who did the costume design for her alibi	her alibi
what is restore america 's country of origin	restore america
in what major conflict did jack rayner participate	jack rayner
what is the time zone for advance ?	advance
what lyrics were written by howard ashman ?	howard ashman
what county uses the area code 93452 ?	93452
what song is happy days a version of	happy days
which album contains the track four corners ?	four corners
what type of film is beyond honor ?	beyond honor
which country does john hollinger belong to ?	john hollinger
which european country is brighton and hove in	brighton and hove
what city and state contain rose hill manor	rose hill manor
what country is william oxenham a citizen of	william oxenham
what state is toledo public schools in ?	toledo public schools
what is the name of a public school	public school
what congressional membership does tim walberg belong to	tim walberg
what kingdom was involved in battle of restigouche	battle of restigouche
where did iglu & hartly get their start	iglu & hartly
what type of celestial object is 1389 onnie	1389 onnie
which language is spoken by south african american	south african american
what gameplay modes are available for elasto mania	elasto mania
what television genre is video warrior laserion ?	video warrior laserion
what set of beliefs does john day follow	john day
what city used pacific time zone in japan	pacific time zone
what is the primary language of neutral port	neutral port
which book 's subject is the united states	united states
what state was rosalind wiener wyman born in	rosalind wiener wyman
which region was shake me up released in	shake me up
which east coast state is stockton located in	stockton
what language is spoken in inaam dus hazaar	inaam dus hazaar
what kind of movie is the hole ?	the hole
who is a novelist born in 1939 ?	novelist
is abdul ghafoor ahmed a male or female	abdul ghafoor ahmed
in what language is the young nurses spoken	the young nurses
what is the architectural style of gordon kaufmann	gordon kaufmann
what is a fictional representation of krystyna skarbek	krystyna skarbek
what is the nationality of jerry cavallaro ?	jerry cavallaro
what is a notable album released by coolio	coolio
what track was featured in the cuts release	cuts
what organization was founded by david brevik ?	david brevik
which artist is from the heavy metal genre	heavy metal
what genre of music is cadence spalding ?	cadence spalding
what kind of film is ninaithen vandhai ?	ninaithen vandhai
what is the name of a documentary film	documentary film
who was a contestant on american idol ?	american idol
which genre of music does goldie record ?	goldie
what border city would you find in syria	syria
what is an album that features chad kroeger	chad kroeger
where is pakistan air force academy located ?	pakistan air force academy
what film series is cremaster 1 apart of	cremaster 1
which disease is included in the respiratory disease	respiratory disease
what film did vidhu vinod chopra produce ?	vidhu vinod chopra
what language is spoken in high school stories	high school stories
when did the cannes film festival take place	cannes film festival
which english playwright did harold pinter influence ?	harold pinter
who was the author editor of glass people	glass people
where did karel frederik wenckebach pass away ?	karel frederik wenckebach
is 20/20 vision an ep or an album	20/20 vision
what is maigret and the wine merchant about	maigret and the wine merchant
what city did pyotr durnovo die in ?	pyotr durnovo
what is spoken in a night in tuscany	a night in tuscany
what kind of film is first squad ?	first squad
what profession does malcolm stuart boylan hold ?	malcolm stuart boylan
what is florida gators football known for ?	florida gators football
which company published pax imperia : eminent domain	pax imperia : eminent domain
which release is the track another day on	another day
what is a song on the album houston	houston
who designed the costumes for little giant ?	little giant
what type of release is total recall ?	total recall
what time zone is kish island part of	kish
which periodical is mostly about the subject celebrity	celebrity
where was ( 8495 ) 1990 qv1 discovered	( 8495 ) 1990 qv1
who writes the tv series barn of fear	barn of fear
what language is le bal du gouverneur in	le bal du gouverneur
what kind of book is keith richards ?	keith richards
what music is composed by megan martha white	megan martha white
what type of album is portrait in music	portrait in music
what is the nationality of peter butt ?	peter butt
which artist is considered a modern rock musician	modern rock
whats the name of amy poehler 's mom	amy poehler
what 's a county in eastern daylight time	eastern daylight time
what band wrote the album the amalgamut ?	the amalgamut
where in california did leo g. carroll die	leo g. carroll
which album is of the soul music genre	soul music
theatre producer dasha epstein has produced what play	dasha epstein
what city is redwood heights a neighborhood of	redwood heights
what genre of music is dile al sol	dile al sol
who is a member of brotherhood of mutants	brotherhood of mutants
what kind of genre is shadows of desire	shadows of desire
what label are the butthole surfers signed to	butthole surfers
what kind of school is horizon community college	horizon community college
who directed the tv episode titled pilot ?	pilot
name a person who was born in poltava	poltava
what type of film is cold sweat considered	cold sweat
what kind of music does val doonican make	val doonican
what continent does the tartar river run through	tartar
what type of cinematography did mamba utilize ?	mamba
what area was hit by hurricane cindy ?	hurricane cindy
what is the profession of david heavener ?	david heavener
what recording label is billy hayes under ?	billy hayes
the album endgame featured what genre of music	endgame
whats the name of a rock music artist	rock music
what is the genre of the book stormblade	stormblade
what star system does 806 gyldenia belong to	806 gyldenia
what 's a piece of photography by brassai	photography
what high school has warrior as a mascot	warrior
what is a book in the genre biography	biography
what productions took place at the shubert theatre	shubert theatre
what is the subject of the film querelle	querelle
what album type is a compilation album ?	compilation album
what type of art does max beckmann make	max beckmann
what city in italy did alexandre derevitsky die	alexandre derevitsky
what book did robert louis stevenson publish ?	robert louis stevenson
who is a person that died of sati	sati
what platform was celtic moods released on ?	celtic moods
which language was used in rainy day blues	rainy day blues
which asian language is aakrosh spoken in ?	aakrosh
what kind of music does billie holiday make	billie holiday
where in the us was brett hundley born	brett hundley
name a city within freeborn county , minnesota	freeborn county
name an album made by bob marley ?	bob marley
what is the nationality of daryl clare ?	daryl clare
what is the lead track off poison ?	poison
which author was born in bridgewater township ?	bridgewater township
what 's an example of a compilation album	compilation album
what is an area redwoods was filmed in	redwoods
what country was antony carbone born at ?	antony carbone
whats the name of a pop music artist	pop music
what is the gender of art donovan ?	art donovan
what is an instrument played by carl jackson	carl jackson
name a track produced by bill dixon ?	bill dixon
what country was chris spielman born in ?	chris spielman
what is the subject of leadership agenda 2012	leadership agenda 2012
what is senda berenson abbott 's religion ?	senda berenson abbott
name an artist from the swing music genre	swing music
which celestial body does 14909 kamchatka orbit ?	14909 kamchatka
olza is a tributary of what river ?	olza
which film did p. c. sreeram work on	p. c. sreeram
what kind of film is go go crazy	go go crazy
who is the father of isabella lorenza lamas	isabella lorenza lamas
who wrote the lyrics for government hooker ?	government hooker
where is harald v of norway 's kingdom	harald v of norway
what travel destination is nathu la near ?	nathu la
is ranavalona iii a man or a woman	ranavalona iii
what kinds of music is dr. dre 2008	dr. dre 2008
what is kari rajamäki 's country of nationality	kari rajamäki
what is a composition done by bob dylan	bob dylan
what is a book form the cold mountain	cold mountain
who color eyes does analeigh tipton have ?	analeigh tipton
who is the artist that recorded tomorrow ?	tomorrow
which language was debatable space originally published in	debatable space
who is the developer of tekken 5 ?	tekken 5
which language is methods of dance composed in	methods of dance
what kind of film is the victim ?	the victim
what is blithe spirit 's country of origin	blithe spirit
what type of film is primal secrets ?	primal secrets
who is the lyricist for dearly beloved ?	dearly beloved
what is the nationality of stephen lumley ?	stephen lumley
what type of music does alma zohar create	alma zohar
what 's a release from the hawaii recording	hawaii
which genre of film is dreaming lhasa ?	dreaming lhasa
what is the gender of james l. conway	james l. conway
what book genre is one step behind ?	one step behind
what types of music is chaos of forms	chaos of forms
what kind of gameplay does bomberman jetters have	bomberman jetters
what form is the composition miserable lie ?	miserable lie
which mountain range is the wapiti pass in	wapiti pass
what is the name of a news magazine	news magazine
what is an ingredient allowed in vegetarian cuisine	vegetarian cuisine
where is the location of tookes house ?	tookes house
what kind of music does excepter play ?	excepter
what is a release on the recording believe	believe
what types of movie is desire and deception	desire and deception
where did normie roy die in new hampshire	normie roy
what 's the name of a midfielder footballer	midfielder
what war did leo bennett take part in	leo bennett
what philosopher was born in new york city	new york city
what is an example of a soundtrack album	soundtrack
what type of music album is happy nation	happy nation
which person considers ibiza their place of birth	ibiza
who composed i 've been thinking about you	i 've been thinking about you
who is the child of morphia of melitene	morphia of melitene
what is marc nicholas rohde 's nationality ?	marc nicholas rohde
what kind of music does djansug kakhidze perform	djansug kakhidze
what is the occupation of maureen roberts prescott	maureen roberts prescott
what author penned the book dumbing us down	dumbing us down
who was involved in battle of old baldy	battle of old baldy
what type of dog is a shih tzu	shih tzu
what track was created by june carter cash	june carter cash
what is the nationality of guri schanke ?	guri schanke
which soccer position is played by oh seung-bum	oh seung-bum
who manufactures the drug clonazepam 1 tablet ?	clonazepam 1 tablet
what is the gender of darren jarman ?	darren jarman
what was the wind eye written about ?	the wind eye
what sports arena was named after bobby dodd	bobby dodd
what is an example of a fantasy book	fantasy
who is guru gobind singh 's child ?	guru gobind singh
what language is in the film jessica ?	jessica
what did john w. minick participate in ?	john w. minick
what world war did hans fronius fight in	hans fronius
what kind of metal is played on excalibur	excalibur
what type of release was io grido ?	io grido
who is the executive producer of seedpeople ?	seedpeople
what architectural style is used in ely cathedral	ely cathedral
is sergio llull a man or woman ?	sergio llull
what religion does thomas jerome welsh practice ?	thomas jerome welsh
which position in baseball does jeff rineer play	jeff rineer
who is the director for go west ?	go west
port of spain is in which nation ?	port of spain
which country held battle of the samichon river	battle of the samichon river
in what country was these wilder years filmed	these wilder years
which track is song by robert b. sherman	robert b. sherman
what is a model of a rover ?	rover
what album was alice in wonderland apart of	alice in wonderland
name a sector of the american theatre wing	american theatre wing
what kind of program is figure it out	figure it out
what 's the boxing event in the olympics	boxing
what 's the subject of into the west	into the west
what is the genre of self-titled album ?	self-titled album
what 's a film directed by fred kelsey	fred kelsey
what is an album by phil ochs ?	album
what countries was affected by hurricane inez ?	hurricane inez
what game was developed by smart bomb interactive	smart bomb interactive
what type of album is the kismat konnection	kismat konnection
which places in america contains pearl river ?	pearl river
what is a song on my only companion	my only companion
what platform is wild west guns in ?	wild west guns
what is a track from way of life	way of life
what agencies are there in the philippines ?	the philippines
which country is the platte river located in	platte river
what kind of book is a scanner darkly	a scanner darkly
which goat does the domestic goat come from	domestic goat
what is rabeprazole sodium 20 delayed release tablet	rabeprazole sodium 20 delayed release tablet
what 's a magazine that covers punk rock	punk rock
what is the nationality of jane rogers ?	jane rogers
what is cher 's compilation album titled ?	album
what is the religion of george marshall ?	george marshall
which famous editor was born in argentina ?	argentina
who painted the painting the crested weed fish	painting
who is the artist that recorded we six	we six
where did olenka and the autumn lovers begin	olenka and the autumn lovers
what was the release type of frankly sentimental	frankly sentimental
what is a language that keiko kusakabe speaks	keiko kusakabe
what did vladimir vidic do for a living	vladimir vidic
what is the release type of early classics	early classics
in which country was bhogaraju pattabhi sitaramayya born	bhogaraju pattabhi sitaramayya
name someone who played in the rugby union	rugby union
name an artist from the christian metal genre	christian metal
what type of music does ginger baker play	ginger baker
who is a female offspring of christine taylor	christine taylor
name someone who was born in durban .	durban
what is a track by jimmy dorsey ?	jimmy dorsey
where was the death place of charlie lea	charlie lea
what is the profession of anna brewster ?	anna brewster
which battle was fought during the gulf war	gulf war
what genre of music does gerard joling make	gerard joling
what film genre does shaman fall in ?	shaman
what topic is a finite thinking about ?	a finite thinking
what language is spoken in the movie supercock	supercock
name a track from the album pulse .	pulse
who is a character from king lear ?	king lear
who was the developer of the game shellshock	shellshock
who published the book edition the halloween tree	the halloween tree
what 's a b movie released in 2010	b movie
which tv series has an episode titled miami	miami
what caused the death of lamar mchan ?	lamar mchan
what type of star system is 5551 glikson	5551 glikson
what empire was gustav kirchhoff a part of	gustav kirchhoff
preacher vol. 4 is what book genre ?	preacher vol. 4
what format is judy at carnegie hall ?	judy at carnegie hall
what does walter peacock do for a living	walter peacock
wher edid the group tribes of neurot originate	tribes of neurot
what is a type of public school ?	public school
what football position does joe krol play ?	joe krol
what type of music does gary jarman create	gary jarman
which chromosome is found in homeobox a10 ?	homeobox a10
the release track knowing is from which recording	knowing
who is camilo josé cela conde 's father	camilo josé cela conde
which song is part of nothing but trouble	nothing but trouble
what does laini taylor do for a living	laini taylor
which style of film is sleeping dogs ?	sleeping dogs
what was the music in the film revolution	revolution
where did mary meigs take her last breath	mary meigs
what color is pravastatin sodium 20 tablet ?	pravastatin sodium 20 tablet
where is berk trade and business school ?	berk trade and business school
what album has the track cars on it	cars
who was born in bath , somerset ?	bath
what type of music does shim mina play	shim mina
where did hans schjellerup 's mother give birth	hans schjellerup
what is the location of criterion theatre ?	criterion theatre
who wrote the story for the sea hawk	the sea hawk
what types of music is rain on me	rain on me
what is the gender of scot mcfadyen ?	scot mcfadyen
what is an example of a compilation album	compilation album
which war was joachim schlichting involved in ?	joachim schlichting
what kind of art does arieh lubin perform	arieh lubin
what is the orbital relationship of 12310 londontario	12310 londontario
what type of music does sug produce ?	sug
to what nation does john j. kavelaars belong	john j. kavelaars
which ingredients is contained of alcohol 620 cloth	alcohol 620 cloth
what region is spanish , loreto-ucayali language spoken	spanish , loreto-ucayali language
what is and edition of the book canada	canada
what filmmaker directed the movie soul mates ?	soul mates
what type of organization is neusoft group ?	neusoft
what character lives in the fictional dc universe	dc universe
what 's a program created by osamu tezuka	osamu tezuka
what towns are in san luis obispo county	san luis obispo county
what position does football player marco borriello play	marco borriello
what is columbia the release track off of	columbia
who is someone that was born in minsk	minsk
what type of structure is ultimate picture palace	ultimate picture palace
what river does the llano river flow from	llano river
what lyrics were written by tony iommi ?	tony iommi
who is the artist for wrong way up	wrong way up
what country is lo que falta from ?	lo que falta
which film was used for the damned united	the damned united
which country does ermano fegatilli have nationality in	ermano fegatilli
what is a valley in united kingdom ?	united kingdom
what is the name of a military autobiography	autobiography
which book is written about great britain ?	great britain
what kind of movie is cracked not broken	cracked not broken
list a play in the musical film genre	musical
whats the name of cate blanchett 's child	cate blanchett
what kind of album is in between days	in between days
what is the gender of rudy minarcin ?	rudy minarcin
what type of music does végastar make ?	végastar
name a person who was born in frankfurt	frankfurt
what is the nationality of tomasz szczypiński ?	tomasz szczypiński
what football position does stefan rieß play ?	stefan rieß
which country does dick brennan have nationality in	dick brennan
who is the child of l. l. zamenhof	l. l. zamenhof
who is a famous for their harmonica skills	harmonica
what time zone is lone rock located in	lone rock
what are some lyrics written by taj mahal	taj mahal
what is something to do near niagara river	niagara river
what is a book that focuses on london	london
who is an artist know for exotica music	exotica
what 's an example of a public school	public school
what is the album of surf music genre	surf music
who is the advisor to stephen l. brusatte	stephen l. brusatte
who is the musical composer of heaven ?	heaven
who is the group that released dreams ?	dreams
what film genre is sheriff of sundown ?	sheriff of sundown
what 's a drama film made in 1967	drama film
who is the artist that composed in hoagland	in hoagland
what is an album by billie holiday ?	billie holiday
what is the predominant language of casting about	casting about
what is jon dee graham known as ?	jon dee graham
which stem profession is boris gostev in ?	boris gostev
what 's a comedy-drama directed by victor trivas	comedy-drama
what kind of album is dreams less sweet	dreams less sweet
what city was philippe de broca born in	philippe de broca
what track is from paper dolls ep ?	paper dolls ep
name a person whose ethnicity was cuban american	cuban american
what piece was recorded by david oistrakh ?	david oistrakh
what kind of rock does sportfreunde stiller write	sportfreunde stiller
what format is wo ai fushigi world in	wo ai fushigi world
which city was clarence h. haring born in	clarence h. haring
what kind of celestial object is 4413 mycerinos	4413 mycerinos
what netflix genre is the scarlet letter ?	the scarlet letter
what episode was buck henry the author of	buck henry
which recording is the track fever on ?	fever
what songs are in gold musical collection ?	gold musical collection
what newspaper is circulated in marlborough , wiltshire	marlborough , wiltshire
what 's an album released by simply red	simply red
what type of movie is rafta rafta ?	rafta rafta
what 's an album within the mathcore genre	mathcore
what country is antwerp a part of ?	antwerp
in what german city did ludwig fischer die	ludwig fischer
what language is spoken in the scream team	the scream team
what kind of artwork does victor otiev perform	victor otiev
what airport is a hub for ansett australia	ansett australia
what is vincent m. brennan 's profession ?	vincent m. brennan
what did the siding spring observatory discover ?	siding spring observatory
what country is church of the transfiguration within	church of the transfiguration
where was invasion of the body snatchers filmed	invasion of the body snatchers
who directed the episode the happy household ?	the happy household
what is the art form of daniel eltinger	daniel eltinger
what is the release type of sun ?	sun
which country released clubbed out , volume 2	clubbed out , volume 2
who is an artist famous for painting ?	painting
which track was released in set it off	set it off
what is a popular track by annie ross	annie ross
what is the occupation of opie winston ?	opie winston
what is a song by sonic youth ?	sonic youth
what was the musician on the album emociones	emociones
what is the gender of bob richardson ?	bob richardson
what is francesco pasinetti 's country of nationality	francesco pasinetti
what genre of music does tony newman sing	tony newman
name an artist associated with gangsta rap .	gangsta rap
what is the administrative type of south korea	south korea
what 's a business that 's an airline	airline
which radio station does joe cocker sing on	joe cocker
what hotel is part of marriott international ?	marriott international
who was the editor for serving sara ?	serving sara
what country is beautiful memories filmed in ?	beautiful memories
which country is the film the end from	the end
in which conflict did william vale participate in	william vale
is wayne eric an actor or musician ?	wayne eric
what type of music is phantom blues ?	phantom blues
what is a children 's literature fiction book	fiction
what is a software that uses location awareness	location awareness
what is kazys bradūnas 's place of birth	kazys bradūnas
is tom burke a man or a woman	tom burke
what sort of movie is 11 minutes ago	11 minutes ago
what is the sex of matthew breeze ?	matthew breeze
which is the gender of espio the chameleon	espio the chameleon
who recorded the song if 6 was 9	if 6 was 9
what style of book is butcher bird ?	butcher bird
who directed darling , how could you !	darling , how could you !
name a person born in indian territory ?	indian territory
which county is murrieta hot springs located in	murrieta hot springs
what song was performed on the closer recording	closer
what is a track performed by jani lane	jani lane
in what eastern county was rudy pompilli born	rudy pompilli
what 's the topic of fear of falling	fear of falling
what is the name of a fiction book	fiction
what is the film yamudiki mogudu genre ?	yamudiki mogudu
what is a branch of bbc local radio	bbc local radio
what is the nationality of zygmunt kubiak ?	zygmunt kubiak
what kind of video game is the dig	the dig
who was the producer for shortenin ' bread	shortenin ' bread
who was involved in the tel al-zaatar massacre	tel al-zaatar massacre
is shooting star a crime fiction or comedy	shooting star
where did hank schmulbach spend his final days	hank schmulbach
who wrote the film voyage of time ?	voyage of time
who are the children of sargon of akkad	sargon of akkad
who was involved in the first cevallos expedition	first cevallos expedition
who is sam alexis woods 's father ?	sam alexis woods
what is the nationality of joffre guerrón ?	joffre guerrón
what position does soccer player agustín castillo play	agustín castillo
what types of movie is undiscovered in netflix	undiscovered
who is the producing company of les misérables	les misérables
what format was the seventh one released in	the seventh one
what building is located in united arab emirates	united arab emirates
what is an instrument played by vic vogel	vic vogel
what is the origin of the artist spazzys	spazzys
who directed the film little red monkey ?	little red monkey
free is the release track from which album	free
what is a suspense film on netflix ?	suspense
what form of art is the she-goat in	she-goat
what is a movie written by stephen fry	stephen fry
what was jon anderson forth album with yes	jon anderson
what kind of release was back on top	back on top
what is the name of a compilation album	compilation album
which genre of love to kill associated with	love to kill
what form is hava nagila composed in ?	hava nagila
what genre is the album children of god	children of god
who was the publisher for punish the sinners	punish the sinners
who is a famous folk music artst ?	folk music
which county is harborside financial center located in	harborside
what did movie did chris marker shoot for	chris marker
which american author was born in champéry ?	champéry
what kind of music does adytum play ?	adytum
what is raj n. sippy 's nationality ?	raj n. sippy
what language was used in the song spy	spy
what film was executively produced by robin wright	robin wright
what does ( 14383 ) 1990 oy3 orbit	( 14383 ) 1990 oy3
what kinds of movie is the cassandra crossing	the cassandra crossing
what song came from the recording chicago ?	chicago
what is a live album by zz top	zz top
what kinds of music is what matters most	what matters most
what is the name of a mystery movie	mystery
what subject is over the edge based on	over the edge
which transit system is 329 dufferin in ?	329 dufferin
who edited the mother and the whore ?	the mother and the whore
which genre of tv show is dandelion family	dandelion family
who is an artist from the recording curtains	curtains
who is a male character in twelfth night	twelfth night
what is the subject of junit in action	junit in action
who was an executive producer on bail out	bail out
what genre is the video game shattered galaxy	shattered galaxy
what type of music does lady daisey make	lady daisey
which country is dilaudid 4 tablet available in	dilaudid 4 tablet
what kind of movie is the film family	family
what is the primary language for the moment	the moment
what event was included in american civil war	american civil war
who released under great white northern lights ?	under great white northern lights
what is a song from the album audiology	audiology
whats an example of a automotive industry company	automotive industry
what release type did the essentials have ?	the essentials
which song was released on up all night	up all night
where did john simpson take his last breath	john simpson
in which country was the cargo 200 produce	cargo 200
which record label is bent fabric signed with	bent fabric
what is a city in the nashik district	nashik district
what kind of music is on rhinoplasty ?	rhinoplasty
what type of celestial object is 20224 johnrae	20224 johnrae
what position does baseball player joely rodriguez field	joely rodriguez
the release track crusin ' is from what	crusin '
what record label releases music from larry gatlin	larry gatlin
what is an example of a station wagon	station wagon
what war was battle of columbus part of	battle of columbus
what title of painting is visual art form	painting
who is a female character in high spirits	high spirits
what is the name of a christmas film	christmas
what type of race is ronde van vlaanderen	ronde van vlaanderen
which european city was kurt ebelhaeuser from ?	kurt ebelhaeuser
what kinds of movie is kaun kare kurbani	kaun kare kurbani
where did henry ainley breathe his last breath	henry ainley
what is a instrument used in martin carthy	martin carthy
what is a 2005 single by kelly clarkson	single
which body of water surrounds long island ?	long island
what is the gender of donald prentice booth	donald prentice booth
what football position is played by martin brittain	martin brittain
what person was born in new orleans ?	new orleans
who is an artist of art rock ?	art rock
what was muhammad metwally al shaarawy profession ?	muhammad metwally al shaarawy
what is a game that koei published ?	koei
where is the birth place of jonathan alderman	jonathan alderman
what is an example of a covered bridge	covered bridge
what area is contained in barnhill arena ?	barnhill arena
who is an artist of medieval metal ?	medieval metal
what genre is the film after the fox	after the fox
what film format was dam street shot in	dam street
what city is a part of bryan county	bryan county
what is an educational institution located in indianola	indianola
who is someone that plays as a forward	forward
where in north america is new silver beach	new silver beach
where was the death place of john perrin	john perrin
what kind of music is eric the red	eric the red
which song is eric erlandson the composer of	eric erlandson
what is a song from surrounded by freaks	surrounded by freaks
where in texas was tracie laymon born ?	tracie laymon
what is the genre of white hills ?	white hills
which language is the sickie boy show in	sickie boy
what is a drug manufactured by abbott laboratories	abbott laboratories
what is the calligraphy of the witch about	calligraphy of the witch
what is hideto aki known for being ?	hideto aki
which organism classification does goodyera pubescens correspond to	goodyera pubescens
which musical profession is mark calderon in ?	mark calderon
what kind of music does jimi haha sing	jimi haha
what is the notable type of lower canada	lower canada
who released the album tattoo / family album	tattoo / family album
whats a song off of the album 2001	2001
what books have ulysses s. grant written ?	ulysses s. grant
what is the garden of the gods ?	garden of the gods
which country was the golden plague filmed in	the golden plague
what recording did the track independence come from	independence
who is an artist played on orsradio.com oldies	orsradio.com oldies
whats a location in the mountain time zone	mountain time zone
what region was fairport convention released in ?	fairport convention
what is the gender of philip czaplowski ?	philip czaplowski
what was frank fontsere 's place of birth	frank fontsere
what is happy days a notable example of	happy days
what kinds of music is broken & beautiful	broken & beautiful
which genre is the talk show this week	this week
which nation is eve newman originally from ?	eve newman
what musical genre is the album hack ?	hack
which organization did friedrich wilhelm raiffeisen found ?	friedrich wilhelm raiffeisen
what is an edition of main street ?	main street
what country is ahn seok-ho a citizen of	ahn seok-ho
where was `` the untouchables '' filmed ?	the untouchables
what is the name of a male singer	singer
what comedy genre does lewis black fall under	lewis black
which album is of the rock music genre	rock music
which area in located in the united states	united states
how did 3660 lazarev get its name ?	3660 lazarev
is boulder in the united states or canada	boulder
what is climbing mount improbable written about ?	climbing mount improbable
what city did hans mauch die in ?	hans mauch
name rock music band from united kingdom ?	rock music
what type of movie is the nowhere son	the nowhere son
which country is a perfect spy written about	a perfect spy
what type of music does plebe rude create	plebe rude
what entity was involved in the gothic war	gothic war
what music company is bruce hornsby with ?	bruce hornsby
what is a musical film from 2008 ?	musical
what movement is alberto giacometti associated with ?	alberto giacometti
what is the album recorded by the monarch	monarch
who is john fletcher pershing 's child ?	john fletcher pershing
what baseball position does jimmy wolf play ?	jimmy wolf
what is a track by lutricia mcneal ?	lutricia mcneal
what kind of school is wilmington high school	wilmington high school
what is a hebrew language genre in netflix	hebrew language
what is an edition of jonathan livingston seagull	jonathan livingston seagull
what color is helen svedin 's hair ?	helen svedin
where was the death place of norman houston	norman houston
where is the artist 1000 nicks from ?	1000 nicks
who were the children of hadassah lieberman ?	hadassah lieberman
what type of music is pike 15 ?	pike 15
what track was recorded by eugene ormandy ?	eugene ormandy
who was a businessman from the 1900s ?	businessman
what is the nationality of r. d. patel	r. d. patel
what is the biological gender of ernst jünger	ernst jünger
what is a track of the planet album	planet
what style of film is arya in ?	arya
what is a track from 20 greatest hits	20 greatest hits
what did jay gorney do as a professional	jay gorney
which netflix independent movies stars mandy moore ?	independent movies
what building took its name from hephaestus ?	hephaestus
what is the geographic distribution of himba people	himba people
what type of film is the movie fuck	fuck
what is the episode before lebron james ?	lebron james
who is the singer of a strange romance	a strange romance
what kind of music is after school session	after school session
which fictional characters did brian bolland create ?	brian bolland
what is the name of a famous painting	painting
which star system is 6912 grimm located in	6912 grimm
who recorded bachianas brasileiras no. 5 - aria	bachianas brasileiras no. 5 - aria
what voice coach made the song freak though	freak though
which city in france was jean-baptiste boussingault born	jean-baptiste boussingault
in which format was bang ! released ?	bang !
what is the sex of paul calvert ?	paul calvert
what is a film written by alexandr hackenschmied	alexandr hackenschmied
what country is the release worlds collide from	worlds collide
what artist created the album boku wa kuma	boku wa kuma
which language is one for the road ?	one for the road
what river runs under the east haddam bridge	east haddam bridge
what is jamie lee thurston 's label ?	jamie lee thurston
name a track by the artist obie trice	obie trice
in what european country is alzate brianza located	alzate brianza
which country is the hutton township located in	hutton township
what films did jerry goldsmith contribute music to	jerry goldsmith
what format was the atlantic years released as	the atlantic years
where is the people before profit alliance located	people before profit alliance
who is someone that died from myocardial infarction	myocardial infarction
what is an episode off will and grace	will and grace
which publisher worked on the game version catwoman	catwoman
which language was gentlemen marry brunettes released in	gentlemen marry brunettes
which company developed the videogame nhl 08 ?	nhl 08
what 's a good description of texas buddies	texas buddies
who was the author of finding common ground	finding common ground
who is the artist from somethin ' stupid	somethin ' stupid
how would you describe leeroy thornhill 's music	leeroy thornhill
what is the netflix genre of little indiscretions	little indiscretions
what is a composition by martin hannett ?	martin hannett
what type of book is afraid to death	afraid to death
who wrote the soundtrack for welcome home ?	welcome home
what language is spoken in the movie golimaar	golimaar
what topic is covered in tapping the source	tapping the source
who was creator of the show family matters	family matters
what is henry wilde a notable example of	henry wilde
where can the booth be found on netflix	the booth
what film was of the subject of politics	politics
what is a movie written by amy andelson	amy andelson
what is evelyn beresford 's nation of origin	evelyn beresford
which film did john g. avildsen direct ?	john g. avildsen
what is a contemporary christian music album ?	contemporary christian music
what battle did william f. draper participate in	william f. draper
what label is sally anthony associated with ?	sally anthony
what mountains are located within white mountains ?	white mountains
what river does the neville island bridge corss	neville island bridge
what mountain range is rodó de canalbona from	rodó de canalbona
which compilation album was released in 1990 ?	compilation album
who plays the organ ( music ) ?	organ
which genre of film is the holy child	the holy child
who is the author editor of cold mountain	cold mountain
what is an example of aggregator software ?	aggregator
what is the gender of alain joly ?	alain joly
in what form was the composition cabaret released	cabaret
where is antacid 500 chewable tablet available ?	antacid 500 chewable tablet
what is the content of bloodhound gang ?	bloodhound gang
which airport is near santa rosa , california	santa rosa , california
whats a track that veil of ashes created	veil of ashes
which dialect does the chippewa cree speak ?	chippewa cree
what language family includes the russia buriat language	russia buriat language
what kind of school is boston university brussels	boston university brussels
what genre does the artist unsraw perform in	unsraw
which football position is gregg berhalter charged of	gregg berhalter
what type of film is a broadway scandal	a broadway scandal
what 's a netflix specific genre for earthscapes	earthscapes
what country is christopher robinson a citizen of	christopher robinson
which group released and then there were none	and then there were none
what kinds of movie is hostess miss ko	hostess miss ko
where was gunnar johansen born in denmark ?	gunnar johansen
what city was alex golfis born in	alex golfis
which equestrian was born in dublin ?	dublin
what is a tv action show ?	action
what 's a song by jean grae	jean grae
which artist recorded one life to live	one life to live
where was magical mystery tour released ?	magical mystery tour
what song was on the recording indiana	indiana
what is jeff hall known for ?	jeff hall
where did chic murray pass away ?	chic murray
who directed the show dancin ' homer	dancin ' homer
in what country is primero river located	primero river
what male actor was born in warsaw	warsaw
what would be a indie rock album	indie rock
what type of album is cherry 2000	cherry 2000
which country is archibald campbell from ?	archibald campbell
which writing system is of moldovan language	moldovan language
what kind of music is brutal juice	brutal juice
what is christina gabrielle 's profession ?	christina gabrielle
who is a greek mythology character ?	greek mythology
where is mineral hot springs , colorado	mineral hot springs , colorado
what format is the release timeless in	timeless
which indian city was fazil born in	fazil
what time zone is venarotta in ?	venarotta
what is a short-lived british sitcom series	sitcom
is jane child pop music or j-pop	jane child
who is a pop music artist ?	pop music
what is shinji mori 's gender ?	shinji mori
name a song by the beach boys	the beach boys
which film was produced by jon slan	jon slan
which country was sanjay arora born in	sanjay arora
what disease did anthony perkins die of	anthony perkins
what cities are in akita prefecture ?	akita prefecture
which album was recorded by kim jong-wook	kim jong-wook
samsara is a track form which album	samsara
who is the author editor of walden	walden
what book is about the united states	united states
what netflix genre does uniform belong to	uniform
which film did enrico medioli write ?	enrico medioli
jack warner produced what american film ?	jack warner
what country is hebron located in ?	hebron
which county is bradleyville located in ?	bradleyville
what was the release produced by opeth	opeth
how did janet gaynor pass away ?	janet gaynor
what is fred hawkins 's gender ?	fred hawkins
what sort of music is soundwave 2010	soundwave 2010
whats a studio album by ida corr	studio album
what is the sex of jordon dizon	jordon dizon
what language is final judgement spoken in	final judgement
what track was released on ocean rain	ocean rain
what sort of movie is naya anubhav	naya anubhav
who is eli maurice orowitz 's son	eli maurice orowitz
who is the lyricist for second encore	second encore
what gender is werner m. moser ?	werner m. moser
what color does chinese crested dog has	chinese crested dog
what are track of the estonia album	estonia
whats a location in the united kingdom	united kingdom
what types of movie is family film	family film
in which country is lake wakuach located	lake wakuach
what are notre dame academy 's colors	notre dame academy
what language is spoken in the medic	the medic
in what release was the recording glasgow	glasgow
what is a city in arkansas ?	arkansas
what is the nationality of connie kennedy	connie kennedy
what is a song from apollo 13	apollo 13
what sort of film is combat report	combat report
what illness did michael visaroff die from	michael visaroff
what kind of film is drinking buddies	drinking buddies
what was game theory released on ?	game theory
what 's a song from russell watson	russell watson
where does the santa ana river end	santa ana river
what is wesley kilmer 's nationality ?	wesley kilmer
what is a science fiction film ?	science fiction
what musical instrument does jimmy bain play	jimmy bain
who created the comic book character hermes	hermes
name an album by bill wyman .	bill wyman
is jiřina bohdalová female or male ?	jiřina bohdalová
who uploaded the profile on kauffman stadium	kauffman stadium
what broadcast station plays fairport convention ?	fairport convention
what is aleksei kravchenko 's origin ?	aleksei kravchenko
which city was ted pearson born in	ted pearson
what is a book about education ?	education
is rob renes a male or female	rob renes
which label is released by old rottenhat	old rottenhat
is rigoletto a play or an opera	rigoletto
what is the occupation of dave smeds	dave smeds
who wrote the music for kiss kiss	kiss kiss
who was the publisher for zorro ?	zorro
what novelist was born in chicago ?	chicago
what group was named after bobby clancy	bobby clancy
who directed the the tourist film ?	the tourist
what genre of film is princess caraboo	princess caraboo
which track is created by sheena easton	sheena easton
where is stan stammers originally from ?	stan stammers
what genre is the album el cantante	el cantante
which program was created by amy sherman-palladino	amy sherman-palladino
what 's a gameplay mode in sacred	sacred
what is johnny russell 's nationality ?	johnny russell
what profession does chris bartlett hold ?	chris bartlett
is anson funderburgh blue or pop rock	anson funderburgh
whats an example of an oil painting	oil painting
which instrument did grete sultan play ?	grete sultan
what city has remington college , shreveport	remington college , shreveport
in which city did michel chartrand die	michel chartrand
what is a track by peter breiner	peter breiner
what entity manufactured childrens tylenol 160 suspension	childrens tylenol 160 suspension
where was move away released at ?	move away
what album was the track reno from	reno
what is the genre of bernthøler ?	bernthøler
what album release includes the track billy	billy
what 's a lake located within mels	mels
who played the bass guitar in communic	bass guitar
which language is the film grindhouse in	grindhouse
which country is on my way from	on my way
what is aleksandr baranov notable for ?	aleksandr baranov
where was rock 'n ' roll released	rock 'n ' roll
what is an online shopping company ?	online shopping
in what language today 's sunbeam written	today 's sunbeam
who wrote the film the inner circle	the inner circle
how is smelt 0.1 injectable solution administered	smelt 0.1 injectable solution
where is the birthplace of rob margolies	rob margolies
what language is used in harbour drift	harbour drift
what is the album classification for grandmasters	grandmasters
what instrument does ron thal play ?	ron thal
what character is in the albatross species	albatross
who directed the film drums of tahiti	drums of tahiti
who is cameron crowe 's mom ?	cameron crowe
which character supports harry in harry potter	harry potter
is anatoliy matkevych male or female ?	anatoliy matkevych
what martial art does susianna kentikian perform	susianna kentikian
what nation is jerry wald from ?	jerry wald
who developed the computer videogame empire earth	empire earth
which language is eye over prague in	eye over prague
what release has schutzstaffel on it ?	schutzstaffel
who is someone that died by suicide	suicide
what drug classification is disulfiram 250 tablet	disulfiram 250 tablet
what area did typhoon kompasu affect ?	typhoon kompasu
what is the gender of paul phoenix	paul phoenix
what is an american fast food chain	fast food
what is toni habib 's sex ?	toni habib
what city is found in new york	new york
the song nirvana was performed by who	nirvana
what language is road house in ?	road house
what kind of show is day break	day break
which devision is the western conference in	western conference
what city did georg baselt die in	georg baselt
what is a song on beat happening	beat happening
american library association presents what medal ?	american library association
what area is loun language from ?	loun language
what label is miwa yoshida signed with	miwa yoshida
which city was ezekiel f. chambers born	ezekiel f. chambers
which genre does chungking express belong to	chungking express
where in europe was david gavaghan born	david gavaghan
what gender is the woman carolin fink	carolin fink
what position does andy kiwomya play ?	andy kiwomya
what language is used in deep end	deep end
where did prince arthur of connaught die	prince arthur of connaught
what types of music is family style	family style
what kind of album is alfie ?	alfie
which instrument does amapola cabase play ?	amapola cabase
what book is about the 20th century	20th century
which country was magic man made for	magic man
who directed michael jackson : number ones	michael jackson : number ones
what is cheryl hickey 's profession ?	cheryl hickey
what kind of music is dirty work	dirty work
what is the subject of freedom walkers	freedom walkers
which city was roy cooper born in	roy cooper
who was a parent of frances schifrin	frances schifrin
what track is from the recording bimini	bimini
what country released gintama : the movie	gintama : the movie
what film did mary vernieu cast ?	mary vernieu
what denomination does haya rashed al-khalifa practice	haya rashed al-khalifa
which country is greg townsend jr. from	greg townsend jr.
what album was dead man released in	dead man
which releases contain the recording fever ?	fever
what type of album was punkreas live	punkreas live
what book is by colin dexter ?	colin dexter
what game is a platform game ?	platform game
who participated in the 1920 summer olympics	1920 summer olympics
what instrument does sass jordan play ?	sass jordan
which fictional character did paul ryan create	paul ryan
which municipality is located in brazil ?	brazil
who is jack carson 's child ?	jack carson
what is samantha zweben 's gender ?	samantha zweben
what country is yvonne ryding from ?	yvonne ryding
what romance film was released in 1950	romance film
where in europe was barbara hicks born	barbara hicks
where did tillie k. fowler die ?	tillie k. fowler
what baseball position does phil garner play	phil garner
which position is anthony barry known for	anthony barry
timothy b. schmit plays what instrument ?	timothy b. schmit
what product stage is pertuzumab in ?	pertuzumab
which state is cordoba university located in	cordoba university
what is miley cyrus ' ethnicity ?	miley cyrus
who created the fictional character carmen ghia	carmen ghia
what is milan vilotić 's birth place	milan vilotić
what movie is produced by steven soderbergh	steven soderbergh
in what country is tete , mozambique	tete , mozambique
what is joseph moxon 's profession ?	joseph moxon
what is the rank of kathryn janeway	kathryn janeway
what american animation movie is family film	family film
what type of film is redirected ?	redirected
what artist released buffalo gals stampede ?	buffalo gals stampede
what 's an example of a asteroid	asteroid
what is the 9/11 commission report about	the 9/11 commission report
what is the genre of the exit	the exit
what is the geographical scope of histadrut	histadrut
what belief does larry zeidel belong to	larry zeidel
what is a song from 1984 album	1984
in what category is hms e56 located	hms e56
which movie did a. r. murugadoss direct	a. r. murugadoss
what is the active ingredient in alpha-tocopherol	alpha-tocopherol
what is fred shuttlesworth most known for	fred shuttlesworth
what type of book is virtually perfect	virtually perfect
what is cola a notable example of	cola
what position did doug evans play ?	doug evans
what artist created like a rolling stone	like a rolling stone
what country was mike 's murder filmed	mike 's murder
which famous person was born in france	france
what song did john butler write ?	john butler
how was love and theft '' released	love and theft ''
what is scott walker 's profession ?	scott walker
what film is produced by dreamworks ?	dreamworks
which genre does every avenue work under	every avenue
what is the occupation of mine mutlu	mine mutlu
what time zone is lillestrøm located in	lillestrøm
whats an example of a public university	public university
what is urmi chakraborty 's profession ?	urmi chakraborty
where is the matanuska-susitna borough located ?	matanuska-susitna borough
what is fantasia 's greatest achievement ?	fantasia
who produced dad , i 'm back	dad , i 'm back
who is clifford odets 's child ?	clifford odets
in what latin country is colombo located	colombo
who was born in the united states	united states
what 's a silent film from germany	silent film
what is the newspaper of dartmouth college	dartmouth college
name a place in st. louis .	st. louis
what album features the recording new orleans	new orleans
what genre is the broadcast canine campus	canine campus
what genre of music is evermore ?	evermore
what location is where ken barrington died	ken barrington
where is the schoonmaker reef located ?	schoonmaker reef
who is a man born in texarkana	texarkana
what food does billy goat tavern serve	billy goat tavern
where was romeo at juliet released ?	romeo at juliet
what instrument does john farnham play ?	john farnham
what imax flms are on netflix ?	imax
what is elizabeth mims most known for	elizabeth mims
what track is by bryan sutton ?	bryan sutton
what is the prequel to simcity 2000	simcity 2000
what position did karon riley play ?	karon riley
what 's the taxonomic rank of aconitum	aconitum
what music genre is the atomized dream	the atomized dream
what religion does wat phutthaisawan cater to	wat phutthaisawan
what kind of album is reallive !	reallive !
what is gene taylor 's birthplace ?	gene taylor
who 's featured on the album tenderness	tenderness
who is a child of pauline vanier	pauline vanier
who wrote the film kustom kar kommandos	kustom kar kommandos
what got its name from hakaru hashimoto	hakaru hashimoto
what is a science fiction book ?	science fiction
what language was kamikaze 1989 filmed in	kamikaze 1989
what artist released the album gold ?	gold
which state is eldorado township in ?	eldorado township
what religion did william f. slocum practice	william f. slocum
who was born in new britain ?	new britain
what is the gender of robert smith	robert smith
what artist is part of german expressionism	german expressionism
what position does juan pablo garat play	juan pablo garat
where in devon did hannah cowley die	hannah cowley
what is curtis graham 's profession ?	curtis graham
what is a recording of fantasy ?	fantasy
which artist recorded the song santa claus	santa claus
which county is rancho chico located in	rancho chico
what country is longview acres in ?	longview acres
what format is the station kono-fm ?	kono-fm
what compositions have paul raven composed ?	paul raven
what city did lucas demare die in	lucas demare
what is the canonical version of hollywood	hollywood
where is the antarctic ice sheet located	antarctic ice sheet
what is tim rose 's label ?	tim rose
what genre is sailor moon 10 considered	sailor moon 10
what position does paul donnelly play ?	paul donnelly
what is captain america an adaptation of	captain america
what type of film is brick bradford	brick bradford
who was the artist behind mylo xyloto	mylo xyloto
where was hans günther van allen born	hans günther van allen
after the truth is in what language	after the truth
which movie is produced by robert kraft	robert kraft
what is a 2005 musical concert film	concert film
what songs have bob marley composed ?	bob marley
which country created the film filthy mcnastiest	filthy mcnastiest
who was the lyricist behind chelsea morning	chelsea morning
who 's a scholar born in canada	canada
what type of school is fordham university	fordham university
where is the fly river located ?	fly river
what industry is alpine electronics in ?	alpine electronics
what is the ethnicity of isaac grünewald	isaac grünewald
oldham athletic a.f.c. plays in what arena	oldham athletic a.f.c.
name an album by louis armstrong .	louis armstrong
whats the name of a romance film	romance film
what kind of film is revenue agent	revenue agent
what is an edition of europe called	europe
what 's a book about ohio river	ohio river
what is the gender of jean elliot	jean elliot
which city was suzanne santo born in	suzanne santo
what is rick alverson known for ?	rick alverson
which book talks about california and louisiana	california
what country was violent playground filmed in	violent playground
what style of music is anime speed	anime speed
what song is by sheila chandra ?	sheila chandra
where in california was benji schwimmer born	benji schwimmer
what is a song from paris album	paris
what country is mario milanca guzmán from	mario milanca guzmán
what cathedral is located in san francisco	san francisco
what 's a film produced by quills	quills
is charlie mason an outfielder or infielder	charlie mason
what is white mountain blues about ?	white mountain blues
who was the director of frank oz	frank oz
what type of album is blái hnötturinn	blái hnötturinn
what type of person is harvey johnson	harvey johnson
what is joseph muscha mueller 's gender	joseph muscha mueller
what kind of radio station is wkar	wkar
where was gerardus vossius place of birth	gerardus vossius
what style tv program is blood-c ?	blood-c
what country is pato branco in ?	pato branco
what is smash mouth known as ?	smash mouth
what is a composition by stevie wonder	stevie wonder
which lyrics did tomas haake write ?	tomas haake
which country is nicholas miccarelli iii from	nicholas miccarelli iii
what album is bel ami featured on	bel ami
what is an artwork concerning a pear	pear
what country is julio salvador from ?	julio salvador
what position does joão miguel play ?	joão miguel
what is located in jacobs prairie ?	jacobs prairie
which series did louise simonson create ?	louise simonson
what release does hard times belong to	hard times
who was the artist behind woolie bullie	woolie bullie
what format was oracular spectacular released ?	oracular spectacular
what is the profession of cris reque	cris reque
what is alice klein place of birth	alice klein
name someone who was born in rockford	rockford
what 's an ingredient of raisin wheats	raisin wheats
what is the nationality of irina shayk	irina shayk
what is jenna lee 's ethnicity ?	jenna lee
name a track from the album chicago	chicago
where did paul levain pass away ?	paul levain
what is johnny long known for ?	johnny long
who produced the album the hunter ?	the hunter
which war did george welch fight in	george welch
what is named after charles horace mayo	charles horace mayo
what 's a song off of china	china
which country is woodcrest park located in	woodcrest park
which time zone is erve located in	erve
what kind of movie is voodoo dawn	voodoo dawn
what is a film location from dhoom	dhoom
what is may lo mei-mei 's nationality	may lo mei-mei
what kind of music does churn make	churn
what is the nationality of enrique amorim	enrique amorim
what types of movement is brothers grimm	brothers grimm
what is the higher classification of crassulaceae	crassulaceae
what position is mason wedel in basketball	mason wedel
which music company is imajin with ?	imajin
what is a work by lisa lopes	lisa lopes
what is gary allenson famous for being	gary allenson
what films have dianna agron written ?	dianna agron
how did cirilo pérez de ayala die	cirilo pérez de ayala
what is harrikrisna anenden 's sex ?	harrikrisna anenden
what kind of show is byker grove	byker grove
what instrument did eric johnson play ?	eric johnson
where did james foster pass away ?	james foster
what is the nationality of martin magdaleno	martin magdaleno
what illness was suffered by ludwig wittgenstein	ludwig wittgenstein
what football position does stanislav kostov play	stanislav kostov
what movie did sagar pandya help produce	sagar pandya
where is je suis animal from ?	je suis animal
what genre of music does j-roc make	j-roc
what songs are by chet atkins ?	chet atkins
which games were developed by codemasters ?	codemasters
whats the name of a hyphy artist	hyphy
which dog breeds have a hardy temperament	hardy
what language is spoken in baghdad express	baghdad express
what release was manhattan released on ?	manhattan
what dietary restriction is incompatible with kimchi	kimchi
what netflix genre does thoughtcrimes belong to	thoughtcrimes
who is the author of nightfall ?	nightfall
what is john heitinga 's gender ?	john heitinga
what kind of release was live ?	live
what is john evan thomas 's gender	john evan thomas
who is an african american formal boxer	african american
name an artist famous for painting .	painting
what genre is the film 3 stars	3 stars
what nation is thea foss from ?	thea foss
what is a rock and roll album	rock and roll
what is mazu daoyi 's religion ?	mazu daoyi
what is leslie alexander an activist for	leslie alexander
name a visitor attraction in lower saxony	lower saxony
what are waverly high school 's colors	waverly high school
what is a store in illinois ?	illinois
what is the release track on colosseum	colosseum
what is the publishing company of puzznic	puzznic
who published the game galaxy fight ?	galaxy fight
where did operation planet x take place	operation planet x
what is a release track from renee	renee
what kind of movie is foreign intrigue	foreign intrigue
what is an asteroid discovered in 1978	asteroid
whats an example of a shooter game	shooter game
what is john b. haskin 's profession	john b. haskin
what european country is matteo momentè from	matteo momentè
what film format was cantata filmed in	cantata
what kind of tv program is rollergirls	rollergirls
what is the recording from copenhagen ?	copenhagen
who is a pitcher born in philadelphia	philadelphia
what label is lavern baker under ?	lavern baker
who is an artist of blues-rock ?	blues-rock
what religion does david azrieli believe in	david azrieli
which city did bruno c. becker die	bruno c. becker
what state is kensico reservoir in ?	kensico reservoir
how is spondylocladium 0.1 injectable solution given	spondylocladium 0.1 injectable solution
name a type of solar system .	solar system
where is roosevelt elementary school located ?	roosevelt elementary school
where was the 1971 penfolds grange made	1971 penfolds grange
which label is james taylor signed to	james taylor
who is a heavy metal artist ?	heavy metal
what type of attraction is malbork castle	malbork castle
name someone who was born in toronto	toronto
what is max alexander 's gender ?	max alexander
where is the show master blasters broadcast	master blasters
who was born in corpus christi ?	corpus christi
what genre is the forbidden kingdom ?	the forbidden kingdom
which country is ahmed khoory tower in	ahmed khoory tower
what is a song by franco ambrosetti	franco ambrosetti
who created ganging up on the sun	ganging up on the sun
which actor was born in halifax ?	halifax
what is the washington crossing named after	washington crossing
what is the school for sin about	the school for sin
what track is sung by the rascals	the rascals
what subject is written in fishing bamboo	fishing bamboo
what is a track from jj ?	jj
what instrument does caroline k perform with	caroline k
where is wilhelm beck 's death place	wilhelm beck
where was harry a. wilmer born ?	harry a. wilmer
what physical medium was mcmusic hits 2008	mcmusic hits 2008
what track is by helen shapiro ?	helen shapiro
what 's an example of an album	album
what is hwang byung-ju 's nationality ?	hwang byung-ju
who is the inspiration of jim carrey	jim carrey
which station does cumulus media own ?	cumulus media
what type of metal is chromium ?	chromium
what was written by pramila ramgulam bennett	pramila ramgulam bennett
what is the ethnicity of romani rose	romani rose
which writer did friedrich nietzsche influence ?	friedrich nietzsche
what software has digital equipment corporation developed	digital equipment corporation
what is the active moiety of ketamine	ketamine
what genre did dub come out of	dub
what film is a romantic comedy ?	romantic comedy
what film was produced by steven soderbergh	steven soderbergh
name someone who was born in birmingham	birmingham
in which country does comuna 1 function	comuna 1
what kind of film is imaandaar ?	imaandaar
what is a book about history ?	history
what body of water surrounds bass rock	bass rock
who wrote the story the reckoning ?	the reckoning
tintern is contained by which nation ?	tintern
what language does sean carlos speak ?	sean carlos
infidels was released in what country ?	infidels
who is the producer of midnight special	midnight special
what country was marcus licinius crassus from	marcus licinius crassus
what album was created by linda ronstadt	linda ronstadt
which console was happy feet published on	happy feet
what is common chaffinch a type of	common chaffinch
what is the profession of lena dunham	lena dunham
what kind of music is gabriella cilmi	gabriella cilmi
where was maharajkumar of vizianagram born ?	maharajkumar of vizianagram
what film did lawrence a. hubbs direct	lawrence a. hubbs
what profession does lucy russell have ?	lucy russell
which music genre is the musician silverstein	silverstein
is saigon kick heavy metal or rock	saigon kick
what is yuriko yamamoto 's profession ?	yuriko yamamoto
what sort of music does plexi play	plexi
what is the origin of mohican river	mohican river
what guidebook is for the burdur province	burdur province
what city did irving klaw die ?	irving klaw
what is a track by mo foster	mo foster
what is the release track on fearless	fearless
what kind of book is st. ives	st. ives
who is known as a voice actor	voice actor
what alphabet does egyptian language use ?	egyptian language
what genre is dick tracy ii '	dick tracy ii
where did philip ii of spain die	philip ii of spain
what country is campo de ourique in	campo de ourique
what is chris tarrant 's profession ?	chris tarrant
what is ed alonzo 's nationality ?	ed alonzo
who directed bheja fry ( film )	bheja fry
what was the release for scientist ?	scientist
who produced beloved ( film ) ?	beloved
what are some pieces by greg graffin	greg graffin
which organization was founded by kim moody	kim moody
who wrote the story to kukan ?	kukan
name a hospital that specializes in psychiatry	psychiatry
which instrument did steve helstrip play ?	steve helstrip
who produced the film yes , madam	yes , madam
where in the united states is highwood	highwood
is radica jovicic from austria or russia	radica jovicic
what artists are signed with emi ?	emi
which condition does greg harris suffer from	greg harris
who 's a soldier born in altshausen	altshausen
what football position does yevgeni tarasov play	yevgeni tarasov
what are tv sci-fi & fantasy series	tv sci-fi & fantasy
what country was wanted released in ?	wanted
who recorded brightly dawns our wedding day	brightly dawns our wedding day
what kind of film is dancing mad	dancing mad
what is seth hanser 's profession ?	seth hanser
what is derek rutherford 's occupation ?	derek rutherford
what is the gender of mortimer folchart	mortimer folchart
who is the author of sahara ?	sahara
what film is in the series taxi	taxi
in what language is the film shehnai	shehnai
what tracks are by tribal tech ?	tribal tech
which irish novelist was born in london	london
which label is camélia jordana signed to	camélia jordana
name a person born in antwerp .	antwerp
which release contains the track paris ?	paris
what country is mary lou fallis from	mary lou fallis
who was ibn al-nafis influenced by ?	ibn al-nafis
which country is malia , crete within	malia , crete
name a person born in palermo .	palermo
what country is university of konstanz in	university of konstanz
what genre is the book fletch won	fletch won
whats an organization that focuses on monaco	monaco
what 's a track from the ventures	the ventures
what is the subject of rainy dog	rainy dog
which film is a silent film ?	silent film
where was mary ann sieghart given birth	mary ann sieghart
what kind of program is gay usa	gay usa
what content is by john lennon ?	john lennon
which county does mansfield depot belong to	mansfield depot
in what film was harrisburg featured in	harrisburg
who is one of nefertiti 's children	nefertiti
what album is considered pop music ?	pop music
what lyrics did dante gabriel rossetti write	dante gabriel rossetti
what types of music is sentimental journey	sentimental journey
who is christopher haley 's parent ?	christopher haley
who is an example of a goaltender	goaltender
what nation is arthur teele from ?	arthur teele
what is atuat akittirq 's ethnicity ?	atuat akittirq
what book does elizabeth wakefield appear in	elizabeth wakefield
what music genre does neil carlill perform	neil carlill
which episode did david livingston direct ?	david livingston
who directed walter hill ( filmmaker )	walter hill
which composer was born in germany ?	germany
who publishes the game you are empty	you are empty
what tv episode has david wain written	david wain
which country did boo ! come from	boo !
what city was michael rothenstein born in	michael rothenstein
which condition may be prevented by pegfilgrastim	pegfilgrastim
where is the artist the lab originate	the lab
name a release produced by steve taylor	steve taylor
what kind of album is rising force	rising force
what was james stokes ' profession ?	james stokes
what film did osamu tezuka write ?	osamu tezuka
who wrote the lyrics for grim travellers	grim travellers
is stefán logi magnússon male or female	stefán logi magnússon
which village is in arenac county ?	arenac county
what is a 1966 french film drama	drama
what is ( 10603 ) 1996 uf4	( 10603 ) 1996 uf4
is su tong female or male ?	su tong
is ten pin alley single-player or multiplayer	ten pin alley
what is a book about organic compound	organic compound
which movie was produced by andrew scheinman	andrew scheinman
what country is davies building in ?	davies building
where was nolan baumgartner born at ?	nolan baumgartner
what is joseph spence 's ethnicity ?	joseph spence
in what country was the ister filmed	the ister
what country is dallas roberts originally from	dallas roberts
what kind of movie is the bobo	the bobo
what kind of film is black death	black death
what is the ethnicity of madelyn dunham	madelyn dunham
what is jesse wharton 's nationality ?	jesse wharton
what is fauziah latiff 's nationality ?	fauziah latiff
what is the release type of justin	justin
what defensive position does chris hussey play	chris hussey
what competition did simon gerrans compete in	simon gerrans
what is the major single from israel	israel
what is the sex of paul ekins	paul ekins
where is castelnuovo del garda located ?	castelnuovo del garda
what is czechoslovakian wolfdog an example of	czechoslovakian wolfdog
what type of music is live dudes	live dudes
what type of object is 25049 christofnorn	25049 christofnorn
who was paco ahlgren 's influencer ?	paco ahlgren
what is an episode from witse ?	witse
what instrument did james anton play ?	james anton
what is the gender of cordelia chase	cordelia chase
name a film directed by cedric gibbons	cedric gibbons
where was lars krogh gerson born ?	lars krogh gerson
what label is hed pe signed to	hed pe
how was pretty scary silver fairy released	pretty scary silver fairy
who authored the written work long island	long island
what is a fruity cereal from kelloggs	cereal
what is alan goodall 's nationality ?	alan goodall
what is the gender of bradley pierce	bradley pierce
what is august mau known for being	august mau
who is erwin planck 's parent ?	erwin planck
what is gy waldron 's profession ?	gy waldron
what was alexander hamilton 's gender ?	alexander hamilton
what nation is kris wolff from ?	kris wolff
what artist released the album small graces	small graces
what is john helms ' gender ?	john helms
who was born in champagne , france	champagne , france
what label is adrian gurvitz with ?	adrian gurvitz
what is hooshang amirahmadi 's gender ?	hooshang amirahmadi
what type of medium does knitting use	knitting
who is the producer of straight shooter	straight shooter
which label is jonathan smith signed to	jonathan smith
whats an example of a compilation album	compilation album
what 's an album from pete seeger	pete seeger
what is josé luis grant 's nationality	josé luis grant
which language is spoken by hoa people	hoa people
what songs are by caroll spinney ?	caroll spinney
what 's a game published by banpresto	banpresto
what is kenneth pettway 's ethnicity ?	kenneth pettway
what soccer position does yusuke kawakita play	yusuke kawakita
where was patnam subramania iyer born ?	patnam subramania iyer
what album was life goes on released	life goes on
who are artists of country music ?	country music
what nation is ferdinand columbus from ?	ferdinand columbus
who is an artist of wwmx ?	wwmx
what is the song chernobyl know as	chernobyl
what country is the amazonas in ?	amazonas
what is a work by ivan okhlobystin	ivan okhlobystin
what language is blowing wild in ?	blowing wild
what language was fifteen originally written in	fifteen
what is the release track on murder	murder
what is the genre discussed in nation	nation
what 's an album from howie dorough	howie dorough
which major metropolitan is fairmount located in	fairmount
what film is about 1924 summer olympics	1924 summer olympics
is born to reign a studio album	born to reign
what type of program is shinseikiden mars	shinseikiden mars
which work is written about political philosophy	political philosophy
what is samuel coleridge-taylor 's profession ?	samuel coleridge-taylor
who was the label of lavern baker	lavern baker
what track was released on shin contra	shin contra
what is john ward 's nationality ?	john ward
which nation is jack mcmullen from ?	jack mcmullen
what is james gordon 's profession ?	james gordon
what is john corrill 's nationality ?	john corrill
what film genre is locked down ?	locked down
which state is sumter county in ?	sumter county
what is the book the renaissance about	the renaissance
what is a 2008 rock music album	rock music
where in poland did marian lalewicz die	marian lalewicz
what is the binding type of songmaster	songmaster
what is joey osbourne 's gender ?	joey osbourne
what recording include the track the tourist	the tourist
the track telephone was released from what	telephone
what kind of movie is the strangers	the strangers
what is the gender of borko milenković	borko milenković
what is kelly slater 's gender .	kelly slater
what 's a film produced by prabhu	prabhu
what category does tactical shooter fall under	tactical shooter
what 's an album by portable sunsets	album
what position does bonnie hollingsworth play ?	bonnie hollingsworth
what 's an example of an album	album
what color does richard bland college wear	richard bland college
what type of album is the aristocrats	the aristocrats
what position does jerametrius butler play ?	jerametrius butler
who is the mother of spalding gray	spalding gray
what label is dice raw signed to	dice raw
where is the las colonias department in	las colonias department
what type of film is first strike	first strike
what is a book by manuel komroff	manuel komroff
what religion does baldy jack rose practice	baldy jack rose
what city did john e. smith die	john e. smith
which city was decomposing trees released in	decomposing trees
what city is lower buckhorn lake in	lower buckhorn lake
what is buddy jackson 's position ?	buddy jackson
what format was jihad released on ?	jihad
what country is david brown jr. from	david brown jr.
what was composed in newfoundland and labrador	newfoundland and labrador
what is the ethnicity of sepala attygalle	sepala attygalle
what is a recording of twilight ?	twilight
what is madeleine martin 's profession ?	madeleine martin
what is a fiction genre book ?	fiction
what is shaikh ayaz 's gender ?	shaikh ayaz
what 's an album from nick lowe	nick lowe
which time zone is upper normandy in	upper normandy
what music genre does lucky dube play	lucky dube
what is stuart jay anderson 's nationality	stuart jay anderson
what soccer position does ian dobson play	ian dobson
what is dave neustadter known for ?	dave neustadter
what 's a documentary film on netflix	documentary film
what label is emma roberts signed to	emma roberts
whats one of thomas newman 's albums	thomas newman
what label is shellie morris under ?	shellie morris
what is a release from birthday girl	birthday girl
what kind of western is the mollycoddle	the mollycoddle
which region is plugged released in ?	plugged
what books have lew wallace written ?	lew wallace
which movie did byron haskin directed ?	byron haskin
what kind of mountain is mount mazama	mount mazama
what is david grossman 's profession ?	david grossman
what kind of attraction is kennon road	kennon road
whats the name of a game show	game show
which country does richard burns hail from	richard burns
which software is used for path finder	path finder
which country is aleksandr ivanov from originally	aleksandr ivanov
what is david janollari 's profession ?	david janollari
what is the genre of naruto ?	naruto
what is the name of a politician	politician
what position did jerome woods play ?	jerome woods
what films did warner bros. make ?	warner bros.
what 's an album by reverend bizarre	reverend bizarre
who is helen taft manning 's father	helen taft manning
of what religion is the text ramayana	ramayana
what is the ethnicity of trenidad hubbard	trenidad hubbard
which country is california southern university in	california southern university
what baseball position does brayan peña play	brayan peña
what form of art is carruço in	carruço
what track is from infinite arms ?	infinite arms
which album is consider an emo album	emo
what country was solar wind filmed in	solar wind
what is the mouth of hrazdan river	hrazdan river
what company is olga tañón under ?	olga tañón
what is the chemical species of thiamine	thiamine
what is jean-claude rousseau 's profession ?	jean-claude rousseau
what religion is practiced by kazimierz marcinkiewicz	kazimierz marcinkiewicz
what was released by album , closer	closer
what is camilla von hollay 's gender	camilla von hollay
what ; s a release from big	big
what kind of game is fast food	fast food
in which european country is faversham located	faversham
who was the guitar player for spinnerette	guitar
what job does john sanborn have ?	john sanborn
where is the morrison township located ?	morrison township
what is murder in the family about	murder in the family
what kind of music is the bachelor	the bachelor
which event took place at freedom hall	freedom hall
what is lamine traoré 's nationality ?	lamine traoré
what is the gender of sean dundee	sean dundee
rick danko was released through which media	rick danko
what is a single from hard times	hard times
what track was produced by philip oakey	philip oakey
what is alfred balcke 's profession ?	alfred balcke
name a person who is an entrepreneur	entrepreneur
what is joe kracher 's gender ?	joe kracher
what time zone is phillips located in	phillips
what is the nationality of adam rosen	adam rosen
what type of album is hello nasty	hello nasty
what genre is the artist carl weingarten	carl weingarten
what is some written literature about recreation	recreation
what time zone is desoto situated in	desoto
which psychologist was influenced by jacques loeb	jacques loeb
what format is catch and release in	catch and release
what is alois sedlácek 's nationality ?	alois sedlácek
which type of film is citizen juling	citizen juling
what administrative divisions are in italy ?	italy
what kind of album was heritage ?	heritage
what type of movie is flesh ?	flesh
who published the comic book hard boiled	hard boiled
where was looking for mr. goodbar filmed	looking for mr. goodbar
which places is lombardy located in ?	lombardy
where was luan garcia teixeira born ?	luan garcia teixeira
where is the university of kalmar located	university of kalmar
what is andrew ellis 's gender ?	andrew ellis
what is the parent disease of enteritis	enteritis
what is a song on black trillium	black trillium
what is a tactical shooter game ?	tactical shooter
what types of music is mona lisa	mona lisa
who did freddie hubbard help to influence	freddie hubbard
what genre of literature is guardian angel	guardian angel
where did hermann von mallinckrodt pass away	hermann von mallinckrodt
is bruce ricker a male or female	bruce ricker
where is leigh anne tuohy from ?	leigh anne tuohy
what drug is manufactured by glaxosmithkline ?	glaxosmithkline
what was the ethnicity of david wilmot	david wilmot
what country is paul a. winn from	paul a. winn
what episodes did michael rymer direct ?	michael rymer
what label is jean ritchie under ?	jean ritchie
which artist is with mercury records ?	mercury records
where did k. pappu pass away ?	k. pappu
what genre does farce branch off of	farce
who is a professional relief pitcher ?	relief pitcher
is timothy fok a male or female	timothy fok
what does 21623 albertshieh orbit around ?	21623 albertshieh
what classification is the book the magician	the magician
what city did walker o. cain die	walker o. cain
who produced the song i will always	i will always
where does the television show zombie-loan originate	zombie-loan
what is takashi asahina most known for	takashi asahina
which city was johann von vásáry born	johann von vásáry
is raffaele di mario male or female	raffaele di mario
what is a drug ingredient in chlordiazepoxide	chlordiazepoxide
who is the author of number parade	number parade
what kind of film is lecumberri ?	lecumberri
what war is casualties of war about	casualties of war
where was peter basch born in ?	peter basch
what is the architectural style of cotesworth	cotesworth
which city was georg albert lücke born	georg albert lücke
which song was composed by kanye west	kanye west
what does 2176 donar orbit around ?	2176 donar
what kind of movie is even trade	even trade
what is the gender of zaira zambelli	zaira zambelli
which place was pehr-olof sirén born in	pehr-olof sirén
which artist does the song love seige	love seige
in which album is fever featured on	fever
which lyrics were written by greg graffin	greg graffin
what is the gender of ava bogle	ava bogle
which song was part of monte carlo	monte carlo
which city is located in united states	united states
is violin concertos an album or dvd	violin concertos
which language was spoken in mirza ghalib	mirza ghalib
where is the location of virginia ?	virginia
which release is on the recording always	always
what is abdominal pain a symptom of	abdominal pain
what state is battle ground found in	battle ground
name a parish in gretna , louisiana	gretna , louisiana
which instrument was played by steve earle	steve earle
which pregnancy category does palonosetron fall into	palonosetron
what 's an example of an anime	anime
what film did rainer werner fassbinder edit	rainer werner fassbinder
what is the profession of luigi canina	luigi canina
korean language netflix genre include this movie	korean language
what is the gender of john mccurry	john mccurry
in which album is sahara featured on	sahara
who is the author of weekend makeover	weekend makeover
what is a game published by sega	sega
what is mcguire air force base ?	mcguire air force base
which hungarian footballer was born in nyíregyháza	nyíregyháza
what type of mountain is the tskhouk-karckar	tskhouk-karckar
who are joseph frederick kushner 's parents	joseph frederick kushner
what is brown sugar famously known as	brown sugar
where is a. t. mann from ?	a. t. mann
which city was raymond tarabay born in	raymond tarabay
what film did richard curtis write ?	richard curtis
who is an actress born in eluru	eluru
what state was kathleen francour born in	kathleen francour
which city did kim hunter pass away	kim hunter
what kind of book is ragtime ?	ragtime
which track is part of remember me	remember me
which nation is ralph metzner from ?	ralph metzner
who died as a result of suicide	suicide
what is producer company of daniel boone	daniel boone
what position does joe werrick play ?	joe werrick
what is eddie guerra 's profession ?	eddie guerra
what country is kitín muñoz from ?	kitín muñoz
where was thomas c. love born ?	thomas c. love
which nation state is george roussos from	george roussos
which composer composed the lives of me	the lives of me
where was victor hugo halperin born ?	victor hugo halperin
what is the gender of ingo steuer	ingo steuer
who recorded a time to say goodbye	time to say goodbye
what did michael j. freeman invent ?	michael j. freeman
what is a classification of genus ?	genus
which country is t. j. cunningham from	t. j. cunningham
is frankenchicken a full or short film	frankenchicken
what type of weapon is a blowgun	blowgun
what release is the recording vienna from	vienna
what genre was the 2009 film mandrill	mandrill
which genre is the album forbidden zone	forbidden zone
what country is salon mexico from ?	salon mexico
name a location in ancash region .	ancash region
what is harry boland known for being	harry boland
what is emily kwan 's gender ?	emily kwan
what is a cooking show about cupcakes	cooking show
what is masud sabri 's gender ?	masud sabri
who is a noteworthy pop music artist	pop music
what kind of film is mcconkey ?	mcconkey
what is aurelie kyinn 's profession ?	aurelie kyinn
what subject does martin kay study ?	martin kay
what is an album by inner city	inner city
what album is a live album ?	live album
who wrote and recorded the song murder	murder
who discovered ( 6872 ) 1993 cn1	( 6872 ) 1993 cn1
who is the artist for live wood	live wood
which man was born in radstadt ?	radstadt
what is the medical treatment for metoclopramide	metoclopramide
what 's lawrence fordyce 's profession ?	lawrence fordyce
what kinds of movie is johnny morran	johnny morran
what kind of car is volvo c30	volvo c30
what country contains the birmingham central mosque	birmingham central mosque
is chikabo kumada male or female ?	chikabo kumada
name an administrative division in slovenia .	slovenia
where in louisiana is aderious simmons from	aderious simmons
where did regina johanna bach die ?	regina johanna bach
what color is loratadine 10 tablet ?	loratadine 10 tablet
what type of school is private university	private university
what film did regina ziegler produce ?	regina ziegler
where was the birthplace of eckhard naumann	eckhard naumann
what is danse la danse classified as	danse la danse
which subjects is the book golfing about	golfing
is clyde ventura male or female ?	clyde ventura
who is the author of star trek	star trek
in what country was american mullet filmed	american mullet
what country created the film prema kavali	prema kavali
who made the album acid jazz ?	acid jazz
who wrote the album sugar and spice	sugar and spice
what is the genre of nicotine kiss	nicotine kiss
what was william whitla 's profession ?	william whitla
what is the content of diecast broadcast	diecast
what album was crimson released off of	crimson
what time zone is eišiškės in ?	eišiškės
who is the name of a defender	defender
where was de første år released ?	de første år
who is the artist who recorded silver	silver
who was born in south paris ?	south paris
what film did george lucas direct ?	george lucas
what book is canada the topic of	canada
who created the fictional character kuma ?	kuma
what football position does mukhsin mukhamadiev play	mukhsin mukhamadiev
what state is eton hill in ?	eton hill
is mick jagger an autobiography or biography	mick jagger
which city was alberto isola born in	alberto isola
who produced the film the scarlet lady	the scarlet lady
what film in in the genre romance	romance
what is an alternative rock album ?	alternative rock
what is the capital of chemnitzer land	chemnitzer land
what time zone is used in liget	liget
who was the cauchy sequence named after	cauchy sequence
what is a work by robbie robertson	robbie robertson
which actor died of heart failure ?	heart failure
what is joycelyn elders 's gender ?	joycelyn elders
what genre of film is bwana devil	bwana devil
which continent is holsworthy barracks based in	holsworthy barracks
what type of music is el luis	el luis
what is the profession of lonnie lynn	lonnie lynn
what of film is san antone ambush	san antone ambush
what instrument is played by gavin rossdale	gavin rossdale
what type of book is bog child	bog child
what type of album is pitch black	pitch black
where is the town of tolfa located	tolfa
what time zone is irwindale in ?	irwindale
what area is turtle back zoo in	turtle back zoo
whats the name of film score composer	film score
which book focuses on the united states	united states
what type of film is metro ?	metro
what country is auvinen corner in ?	auvinen corner
who was 5698 nolde named after ?	5698 nolde
which river passes through burkina faso ?	burkina faso
which gender does chris white belong to	chris white
what is clarence currie known for ?	clarence currie
what is benny frey 's profession ?	benny frey
where was lust for vengeance released ?	lust for vengeance
which tracks did the mystery jets produce	the mystery jets
what kind of film is batang x	batang x
what nationality does shohei tsukahara belong to	shohei tsukahara
what kind of release is goodnight vienna	goodnight vienna
where did william james beal die ?	william james beal
what work is david toscana famous for	david toscana
which country contains the place poyner ?	poyner
what color is armour thyroid 60 tablet	armour thyroid 60 tablet
which song is part of touch it	touch it
what is christian tupou 's nationality ?	christian tupou
what latin city is arturo martinelli from	arturo martinelli
where was fletcher mathews haight born ?	fletcher mathews haight
which island is a part of ecuador	ecuador
what is the nationality of calista carradine	calista carradine
which track was engineered by tim armstrong	tim armstrong
what is ludwig scotty 's gender ?	ludwig scotty
what album was produced by kaci brown	kaci brown
what does shane youman do in baseball	shane youman
where would one find centermap highlighting dromahane	centermap highlighting dromahane
what is vietnam a notable type of	vietnam
where was jean rousseau laid to rest	jean rousseau
where was paranoid prophets released at ?	paranoid prophets
what is a song made by equinox	equinox
what language is major payne in ?	major payne
what language is used in object-oriented programming	object-oriented programming
what works have lawrence block written ?	lawrence block
of which genre does moloko play ?	moloko
where is star fucking hipsterz from ?	star fucking hipsterz
what song is from the recording blues	blues
which drug is a drug formulation ?	drug
what movie did amit kumar write ?	amit kumar
which artist made scream with a view	scream with a view
what album is evolution a part of	evolution
what type of music is the walkmen	the walkmen
what song came from the recording canton	canton
who recorded best of the bayou blues	best of the bayou blues
what person was born in toronto ?	toronto
which film did peter abrams produce ?	peter abrams
what is mandy bright 's sexual orientation	mandy bright
which physical format was believe released in	believe
who is an artist who sings trot	trot
what 's an example of a song	song
where were the frisian–frankish wars fought at	frisian–frankish wars
what is anthony herrera 's ethnicity ?	anthony herrera
what is the name of an asteroid	asteroid
what country was with teeth released in	with teeth
which actor was born in tel aviv	tel aviv
which track is part of jungle fever	jungle fever
what is josh klein-davies 's gender ?	josh klein-davies
what county does tillamook bay belong to	tillamook bay
what 's there to see in hamilton	hamilton
what kind of cuisine is panettone ?	panettone
which artist released the sweetest illusion ?	the sweetest illusion
what format was tatsumi released on ?	tatsumi
whats an album recorded by francesco guccini	album
where is the snow campaign located ?	snow campaign
which composition style is acappellooza 2001 ?	acappellooza 2001
what is the track list of tenderness	tenderness
what type of license does ontario have	ontario
what is george springer known for being	george springer
where can bass station be located ?	bass station
what is dale memmelaar 's nationality ?	dale memmelaar
is michel duplaix male or female ?	michel duplaix
what episode did alan ball write ?	alan ball
what academic subject is moramona about ?	moramona
what is the profession of chris morgan	chris morgan
name an album done by dashboard confessional	dashboard confessional
what religion is associated with wat prathoomkongkha	wat prathoomkongkha
what ingredient is in permethrin 5 cream	permethrin 5 cream
what gender does tom parker identify with	tom parker
what is john boyne 's profession .	john boyne
whats the name of a football goalkeeper	goalkeeper
who wrote frances audio collection cd ?	frances audio collection cd
what language is used in kyoto story	kyoto story
where is jerusalem college of engineering ?	jerusalem college of engineering
what is a crime fiction film ?	crime fiction
what language is bull fighting filmed in	bull fighting
who recorded the album prelude and sonata	prelude and sonata
which book was published by ellen degeneres	ellen degeneres
whats the name of a romance film	romance film
name a band that produces acoustic music	acoustic music
who is the producer of daydream ?	daydream
which position does laura brosius play ?	laura brosius
what art form does chuck fishman create	chuck fishman
who is famous for playing the violin	violin
what is the nationality of william rolleston	william rolleston
which book is written about politics ?	politics
what is ed wang 's biological gender	ed wang
what 's the title track from victoria	victoria
what power does fever pitch have ?	fever pitch
what game is designed by hiroyuki ito	hiroyuki ito
what is a song by odb ?	odb
what are books debbie macomber has written	debbie macomber
in what time zone is costa smeralda	costa smeralda
which lyrics did tim rice write ?	tim rice
what is flavio baracchini 's gender ?	flavio baracchini
what kind of building is richmond palace	richmond palace
name the author of learning the ropes	learning the ropes
what type of object is 3809 amici	3809 amici
what 's an album featuring viggo mortensen	viggo mortensen
what is the nationality of chris cillizza	chris cillizza
in what county is reseda located ?	reseda
where was cole vosbury born at ?	cole vosbury
what travel destination is prambanan close to	prambanan
what formulation is available in a tablet	tablet
what artist made the recording spoken introduction	spoken introduction
where is the blond arrow originally from	the blond arrow
what is a track by canterbury effect	canterbury effect
who made the ride space mountain ?	space mountain
what breed of horse is native dancer	native dancer
what is a place in virginia ?	virginia
what type of music is loveppears ?	loveppears
who is the musician that created jaleo	jaleo
what is a mountain in russia ?	russia
what person died from a stroke ?	a stroke
which event took place at basel ?	basel
what is the active ingredient in tenofovir	tenofovir
what is a book about the world	world
what observatory was 12145 behaim discovered in	12145 behaim
what type of celestial object is 46p/wirtanen	46p/wirtanen
what infection is hematuria a symptom of	hematuria
what nation is abbas saad from ?	abbas saad
in what position does mickey walsh play	mickey walsh
who composed six degrees of inner turbulence	six degrees of inner turbulence
where is panjo 5 originally from ?	panjo 5
what is a drama television show ?	drama
who is a politician born in gloucester	gloucester
what was choucho 's place of birth	choucho
name a song produced by u2 ?	u2
which city did mary chase pass away	mary chase
what is the occupation of francisco valls	francisco valls
which book was written by ernest hemingway	ernest hemingway
what 's a track from remember me	remember me
who is a parent of rolker gracie	rolker gracie
what 's a track from profugus mortis	profugus mortis
what city sells the laney tower newspaper	laney tower
what is the deity of flora ?	flora
name a 2014 thriller ( genre )	thriller
what album is created by petula clark	petula clark
where did leigh bowery kick the bucket	leigh bowery
where is subnoize souljaz originally from ?	subnoize souljaz
what is takuji suzuki 's gender ?	takuji suzuki
which nation filmed 42 one dream rush	42 one dream rush
what album is fracture a track on	fracture
which actress was born in montreal ?	montreal
who directed the film downhearted duckling ?	downhearted duckling
what is michael logen 's nationality ?	michael logen
what events take place in taranto ?	taranto
who is a roboticist born in gelsenkirchen	gelsenkirchen
whats brian hannant 's country of origin	brian hannant
who plays the position of defender ?	defender
who was midnight express 's casting director	midnight express
what is a well known adventure film	adventure film
what is about cultural liberalism in australia	cultural liberalism in australia
what maine county is crockertown located in	crockertown
what is an album from 2003 ?	album
what country gives danny foster his nationality	danny foster
what 's a science fiction book title	science fiction
what is yolande james 's gender ?	yolande james
what film is directed by kendall o'connor	kendall o'connor
what is an artist under shanachie records	shanachie records
what country was anna falguères born in	anna falguères
where did anna nemitz pass away ?	anna nemitz
which country does luc donckerwolke come from	luc donckerwolke
what city did sam whipple die in	sam whipple
this small town is located in maryland	maryland
where was john riley tanner 's death	john riley tanner
what is susana giménez 's profession ?	susana giménez
what is ken barefoot 's gender ?	ken barefoot
which asteroid was discovered in 2000 ?	asteroid
how was kärgeräs / hell symphony formated	kärgeräs / hell symphony
which track was done by alan steward	alan steward
who is the producer for higher learning	higher learning
what genre of music does pacifika produce	pacifika
in which city was barry ferguson born	barry ferguson
who is a child of frank pattee	frank pattee
where is daniel j. elazar originally from	daniel j. elazar
what media is bentheim castle painted with	bentheim castle
what did the dust brothers produce ?	the dust brothers
what located was the film 300 shot	300
what label is terrence parker signed with	terrence parker
what departments are in harvard university ?	harvard university
who recorded the song o holy night	o holy night
what country is richard crashaw from ?	richard crashaw
what subject is covered in orphan warriors	orphan warriors
what form of art is blažej baláž	blažej baláž
what sort of movie is fire tripper	fire tripper
what is the occupation of susan bordo	susan bordo
where is ernest dunlop swinton from ?	ernest dunlop swinton
how was charleston , sc 1966 released	charleston , sc 1966
what 's the lower classification of solanaceae	solanaceae
what was arthur kopit 's profession ?	arthur kopit
what is colin linden 's profession ?	colin linden
what is a song by headless chickens	headless chickens
what are some books about birdwatching ?	birdwatching
what was mercedes helnwein 's gender ?	mercedes helnwein
what is graham fitkin 's gender ?	graham fitkin
what major conflict did bruce ruxton participate	bruce ruxton
name a song composed by kelly clarkson	kelly clarkson
what tracks are on kansas city ?	kansas city
what is a 2004 power metal album	power metal
which movie speak french language in netflix	french language
what is a language in soldier blue	soldier blue
what tv show did steven spielberg create	steven spielberg
what artist is under columbia records ?	columbia records
what netflix genre is dog soldiers under	dog soldiers
what genre is the album singles club	singles club
which releases contain the recording venus ?	venus
what took place on the gettysburg battlefield	gettysburg battlefield
what album was released in 1989 ?	album
where was margret suckale born at ?	margret suckale
what type of institution is riseholme college	riseholme college
what is caesarean section used to treat	caesarean section
which episode is the high life ?	the high life
what are the dosages available for mannitol	mannitol
what kind of show is spyforce ?	spyforce
what is the nationality of frank woodley	frank woodley
what religion does satya swarup arora practice	satya swarup arora
what would be an alternative rock album	alternative rock
in what position does bryan melendez play	bryan melendez
name an artist from the zarzuela genre	zarzuela
is adoni xavier male or female ?	adoni xavier
who recorded the song breathe and stop	breathe and stop
what is toivo pawlo place of death	toivo pawlo
is platinum pohl fiction or non fiction	platinum pohl
what events happened at mecklenburg county ?	mecklenburg county
what does ben batt as a career	ben batt
what is a film about aviation ?	aviation
what is john lemprière most known for	john lemprière
what language is deserted seas available in	deserted seas
what is the gender of marcel achard	marcel achard
what is a track from believe album	believe
name a live album by chicago .	chicago
what profession does leonard nathan have ?	leonard nathan
what type of film is bandits ?	bandits
what language is spoken in maithili language	maithili language
what is a jazz fusion artist ?	jazz fusion
what language is death and taxis in	death and taxis
what does an insurer specialize in ?	insurer
what is apple pro training series about	apple pro training series
what time zone is vanuatu apart of	vanuatu
where is the artist mr. bungle from	mr. bungle
what could be an electronic music album	electronic music
what was contained in crewe and nantwich	crewe and nantwich
what position does anthony lozano play ?	anthony lozano
what is ana victoria 's gender ?	ana victoria
what kind of bridge is perth bridge	perth bridge
what kind of music does aterciopelados make	aterciopelados
what format was urban released in ?	urban
what is larry blamire 's profession ?	larry blamire
what film did robert altman write ?	robert altman
what is graham rix 's profession ?	graham rix
what is the original version of amsterdam	amsterdam
which country was gold fever portrayed in	gold fever
who was born in udora , ontario	udora , ontario
what kind of program is good-time girl	good-time girl
what game is published by snk playmore	snk playmore
name a child of josé manuel villa	josé manuel villa
which guitarist died from myocardial infarction ?	myocardial infarction
where in italy was nicoletta elmi born	nicoletta elmi
name an artist signed to pias recordings	pias recordings
what is the organism rank of ariocarpus	ariocarpus
what is the rating for chicago ?	chicago
who is the parent of cate edwards	cate edwards
eurythmics is classified as what genre ?	eurythmics
what form was the composition colloque sentimental	colloque sentimental
what genre film is die hard ?	die hard
what is the gender of clancy cooper	clancy cooper
what is thomas helmore place of birth	thomas helmore
what colleges are in the united states	united states
what genre of film is evil ed	evil ed
what country did skylark originate in ?	skylark
what louisiana meal uses an onion ?	onion
what is a work by julie garwood	julie garwood
what would be a pop rock album	pop rock
what album is ethiopia a part of	ethiopia
what format is amandla released in ?	amandla
what song was recorded by raphael saadiq	raphael saadiq
what 's a book involved with wine	wine
name an actor born in toronto ?	toronto
whats an album by three 6 mafia	three 6 mafia
what kind of music is second album	second album
what is the higher classification of korat	korat
which era was the takis fotopoulos from	takis fotopoulos
which game version did hands-on mobile publish	hands-on mobile
which state did the hinsons originate from	the hinsons
what 's a type of vegetable ?	vegetable
what is albrecht becker 's profession ?	albrecht becker
what make is the model volkswagen kübelwagen	volkswagen kübelwagen
who created the show life on earth	life on earth
what is located in santa catalina mountains	santa catalina mountains
which state is sabre city located in	sabre city
who is the author of the priest	the priest
name a book about the military .	military
what type of characeter is daniel ?	daniel
who was the director of donnie darko	donnie darko
what are the artworks of benjamin west	benjamin west
who is the composer of danny elfman	danny elfman
what is the nationality of israel idonije	israel idonije
which company published the simpsons road rage	the simpsons road rage
what is brendan shanahan 's profession ?	brendan shanahan
what 's a music school in china	china
what language was spoken in black cat	black cat
which religion does john mclaughlin practice ?	john mclaughlin
what is dilly braimoh 's nationality ?	dilly braimoh
what is dwarka khosla 's profession ?	dwarka khosla
what type of movie is the craftsman	the craftsman
what position does sam crane play ?	sam crane
what is a political drama film ?	political drama
which nation is unconquerable nation written about	unconquerable nation
who wrote the lyrics to poison ?	poison
what fictional character did erin hunter create	erin hunter
what artist does psychedelic rock music ?	psychedelic rock
who is the producer of hard luck	hard luck
what language is spoken in family business	family business
what type of release is voyager ?	voyager
which county is roosevelt park located in	roosevelt park
what soccer position does allison lipsher play	allison lipsher
what is mycetoma 's parent disease ?	mycetoma
what religion does simon rawidowicz practice ?	simon rawidowicz
what time zone is minerbio in ?	minerbio
where on earth did walter jellinek die	walter jellinek
what type of film is the revolver	revolver
name a film written by jean shepherd	jean shepherd
what is jake ryan 's gender ?	jake ryan
what are releases from sme records ?	sme records
name a deceased chinese american businessman ?	chinese american
in what city did nisar bazmi die	nisar bazmi
which city was jake abraham born in	jake abraham
who wrote the music for gun crazy	gun crazy
the group scorn originated in what city	scorn
what was written in my nine lives	my nine lives
what 's the topic of sexual correctness	sexual correctness
name a title in the bollywood genre	bollywood
what 's the topic of national defense	national defense
what is a recording of calabria ?	calabria
what river is located in romania ?	romania
what language is spoken in illegal ?	illegal
is pat matson a woman or man	pat matson
which album is created by rod stewart	album
from which country is vasyl sachko from	vasyl sachko
who created the fictional character sarge steel	sarge steel
what song is a part of solstice	solstice
what format is hard core logo in	hard core logo
what star system is 21359 geng ?	21359 geng
what is a song from ska authentic	ska authentic
which company published age of booty ?	age of booty
what is graham simpson 's profession ?	graham simpson
which language is the conspiracies book written	conspiracies
what is the sex of abid hussain	abid hussain
what types of music is richard marriott	richard marriott
in which us state is atmautluak ?	atmautluak
what event took place in virginia ?	virginia
what type of book is resolution ?	resolution
what is dawood hosni known for ?	dawood hosni
who is famous for their guitar skills	guitar
what is james w. prescott 's nationality	james w. prescott
who did the music for s.o.s. titanic	s.o.s. titanic
who directed the film ingmar bergman ?	ingmar bergman
what bridge was named after abraham lincoln	abraham lincoln
which industry does exakt entertainment operate in	exakt entertainment
what film did taylor hackford executive produced	taylor hackford
what is the profession of joseph vitale	joseph vitale
which genre is the same old blues	the same old blues
what is yaron bar 's profession ?	yaron bar
in which county is flowing wells in	flowing wells
what is a reservoir found in germany	reservoir
where is bay mills community college located	bay mills community college
what book is based on international relations	international relations
where was jean-baptiste-rené hertel de rouville born	jean-baptiste-rené hertel de rouville
what kind of film is work ?	work
what character was crown prince in hamlet	crown prince
what disease is deafness a symptom of	deafness
what if found within the dyleň mountain	dyleň
what type of movie is brain donors	brain donors
what is the sex of tommy johnson	tommy johnson
what is a 1958 black-and-white comedy film	black-and-white
which track is in the release flow.ers	flow.ers
where is the neighborhood fort worth located	fort worth
what is tom douglas 's gender ?	tom douglas
what is the recording track on waterloo	waterloo
is american gun a drama or comedy	american gun
which asteroid was discovered in 1980 ?	asteroid
which writer wrote niagara , niagara ?	writer
what is jonas alarik 's profession ?	jonas alarik
what 's an album written by everlast	everlast
what kinds of music is alma zohar	alma zohar
what is a release track on monster	monster
who was influenced by will rogers ?	will rogers
what play did richard adler write ?	richard adler
what genre is the habit in ?	habit
which movie was contributed by henryk sienkiewicz	henryk sienkiewicz
what kind of album is the answers	the answers
what kind of automobile is honda ridgeline	honda ridgeline
who is the composer of party sequence	party sequence
who is the parent of kate lamm	kate lamm
what is edgar wrightington role in football	edgar wrightington
what topic gallery does whiteandkeynes appear in	whiteandkeynes
what is a netflix genre from france	france
which state is the town virginia in	virginia
what is a classic horror film title	horror film
whats the name of a biography book	biography
what is fat cat 's profession ?	fat cat
where was saif al-arab gaddafi born ?	saif al-arab gaddafi
what is an episode from shark ?	shark
what is the format of eclipse ?	eclipse
what is a drama film title ?	drama film
what us state is monte rio in	monte rio
what north american country contains clearwater lakes	clearwater lakes
who wrote the episode the end ?	the end
who is the author of robert browning	robert browning
where is edward j. hehre from ?	edward j. hehre
which area contains the sacramento metropolitan area	sacramento metropolitan area
what is vanda berlányi 's gender ?	vanda berlányi
what is the gender of egon kähler	egon kähler
what objects has the palomar observatory discovered	palomar observatory
which tracks are released in stairwells ?	stairwells
what is the nationality of max allwein	max allwein
what is an episode of rush call	rush call
what is a song released on mobile	mobile
where was the film out bound released	out bound
what is the nationality of lászló csuja	lászló csuja
what netflix genre is breaking the cycle	breaking the cycle
what popular game did spectrum holobyte create	spectrum holobyte
what is the nationality of jimmy mclarnin	jimmy mclarnin
what is melany denise 's job ?	melany denise
what netflix genre is the film julie	julie
what tracks are on soul talk ?	soul talk
what language was spoken in veronica guerin	veronica guerin
who composed the track get happy ?	get happy
what nationality is vernon l. smith ?	vernon l. smith
what language is tiempo real filmed in	tiempo real
what religion does gerry shishin wick practice	gerry shishin wick
what 's the title track from bulletproof	bulletproof
where was mehmet bozkus born at ?	mehmet bozkus
name a film from the drama genre	drama
which state was contained in wilkinson-hawkinson house	wilkinson-hawkinson house
what instruments can steve cradock play ?	steve cradock
what album release includes the track blue	blue
what album content type is the mexican	the mexican
what us state is manning located in	manning
who is a punk rock artist ?	punk rock
name a film that dan etheridge produced	dan etheridge
what is a track produced by bono	bono
which instrument does clive bunker play ?	clive bunker
what country is kabul medical university located	kabul medical university
who is the creator of spider blues	spider blues
what is a film based on music	music
in what city did paul peek die	paul peek
who did wild orchid sign with ?	wild orchid
what discovery was made by palomar observatory	palomar observatory
what is a song n big fish	big fish
what language is dance songs forever in	dance songs forever
what 's an album featuring jerry goldsmith	album
what album was the oath recorded for	the oath
what is an auto parts company ?	auto parts
what is jay hook known for being	jay hook
what gender is michael t. kaufman ?	michael t. kaufman
what is the book fixed ideas about	fixed ideas
where is west bradley located at ?	west bradley
what artist released seed of memory ?	seed of memory
what did neon park die from ?	neon park
where was mary jo vath born ?	mary jo vath
what is trevor wright 's gender ?	trevor wright
what was sheila shaw 's gender ?	sheila shaw
which movie was produced by paramount pictures	paramount pictures
which record label is dres with ?	dres
what is frank costanza 's gender ?	frank costanza
the characters of dakota speak what ?	dakota
which label signed the artist soft cell	soft cell
what is the release format of boom	boom
who published spyro : season of ice	spyro : season of ice
what kinds of movie is reviving ophelia	reviving ophelia
what label is michael bolton signed under	michael bolton
which films have larry fessenden produced ?	larry fessenden
what album was baby released on ?	baby
what is judith lefeber 's profession ?	judith lefeber
who is a dance music artist ?	dance music
what type of movie was jaws 3-d	jaws 3-d
which city was frank dascoli born ?	frank dascoli
what genre of film is rooster ?	rooster
what is sharon dickman 's gender ?	sharon dickman
which soccer position does john barnwell play	john barnwell
what is the film language of singles	singles
what 's a song released on 19990214-20050213	19990214-20050213
what is tibor fábián 's nationality ?	tibor fábián
what genre is star trek categorized as	star trek
what military unit is based in illinois	illinois
which video game company released tennis ?	tennis
what type of film is women everywhere	women everywhere
what is jesús balmori 's gender ?	jesús balmori
which city was gustaf unger born in	gustaf unger
what country is semshook filmed in ?	semshook
what building was named after emperor hadrian	hadrian
what is the name of an album	album
name a release from the recording springfield	springfield
which record label signed wendy and lisa	wendy and lisa
what fictional characters did chris claremont create	chris claremont
what is the profession of omar abidi	omar abidi
who is the parent of juno fleck	juno fleck
who founded communist party of china ?	communist party of china
where did hugh despenser the younger perish	hugh despenser the younger
what is a 1998 speculative fiction book	speculative fiction
what is a recorded version of evolution	evolution
in what language is treasure island filmed	treasure island
where can one find double island point	double island point
where is nicotine 4 lozenge available ?	nicotine 4 lozenge
which track was in the release oklahoma	oklahoma
what nation is alex newport from ?	alex newport
what film genre is another gay movie	another gay movie
name a track from 50 cent .	50 cent
what label does wiz khalifa record under	wiz khalifa
what is a song by gregg allman	gregg allman
what country contains grass range , montana	grass range , montana
what release is big a part of	big
who is the music engineer for china	china
which universities are located in california ?	california
what is carl lumbly notable for being	carl lumbly
where is south hwanghae province located ?	south hwanghae province
what is a death metal artist ?	death metal
what format from the release billy ?	billy
who is a famous theological writer ?	writer
what is the developer for nox ?	nox
what film genre is soul train ?	soul train
what 's a release from cape town	cape town
what are the marketed formulations of entecavir	entecavir
the recording chicago was released with what	chicago
what tv series is the pilot in	pilot
which company produced hot enough for june	hot enough for june
what type of program is the marshal	the marshal
what 's a track from don omar	don omar
what is the profession of arnaud demuynck	arnaud demuynck
what is the release track on ecuador	ecuador
what work was written by donald preziosi	donald preziosi
what film did paul hoen direct ?	paul hoen
what type of music is jon kintz	jon kintz
where did edward i. edwards pass away	edward i. edwards
name a compilation album by johnny cash	compilation album
what position does hichem mezaïr play ?	hichem mezaïr
what series is amerigo vespucci from ?	amerigo vespucci
what 's a book about the world	world
what station would ice-t be played on	ice-t
what is velu prabhakaran 's profession ?	velu prabhakaran
which position is played by ollie sax	ollie sax
what is the active moiety in pentazocine/naloxone	pentazocine/naloxone
who produced the film ride or die	ride or die
steve wilson played what american football position	steve wilson
what type of videogame is puzzle chronicles	puzzle chronicles
what album has red be heard on	red
which city was gustav von franck born	gustav von franck
which character was created by judd winick	judd winick
what language is the dread filmed in	the dread
what programs are the genre fantasy ?	fantasy
what city did joachim rumohr pass away	joachim rumohr
who directed the pilot for threat matrix	pilot
name a game published by electronic arts	electronic arts
which computer language is used for mindtouch	mindtouch
what video game did codemasters release ?	codemasters
is the inheritance a drama or comedy	the inheritance
bergeijk is a city located where ?	bergeijk
what is the ethnicity of billy merasty	billy merasty
what colleges are in the united states	united states
who was the author editor of red	red
what dish is considered american food ?	american food
what is helena notkonen 's nationality ?	helena notkonen
which country is riley shy originally from	riley shy
what crime did shimun xxi benyamin commit	shimun xxi benyamin
where did the whiskey rebellion take place	whiskey rebellion
which basketball position did billy cunningham play	billy cunningham
what show is the episode brazil from	brazil
what is the ethnicity of benjamin bradley	benjamin bradley
which film festival was blowup shown in	blowup
who was the author of hotel andromeda	hotel andromeda
what 's the release track from england	england
what kind of lake is lake rotorua	lake rotorua
which episode did elizabeth korte write ?	elizabeth korte
what is edna staebler most known for	edna staebler
what is igor pisanjuk 's nationality ?	igor pisanjuk
what tracks has james newton howard composed	james newton howard
what state is sand hill river from	sand hill river
which shape is fluor-a-day 0.25/236.79 chewable tablet	fluor-a-day 0.25/236.79 chewable tablet
what illness is physostigmine used to treat	physostigmine
which city was was dennis daa born	dennis daa
who is a rock music artist ?	rock music
what is the genre associated with orphans	orphans
which book is published by michael crichton	michael crichton
what type of animal is mister peabody	mister peabody
who wrote to the devil a daughter	to the devil a daughter
what cover does jean grey appear on	jean grey
where does edward thomas chapman claim nationality	edward thomas chapman
which city is hampton a suburb of	hampton
who is at risk for somatization disorder	somatization disorder
what area does norwich international airport serve	norwich international airport
where in europe did léon spilliaert die	léon spilliaert
who wrote my girl does kung fu	my girl does kung fu
what type of genre is blowup ?	blowup
what 's the recorded version of daybreak	daybreak
what type of film is white heat	white heat
which city was albert spencer wilcox born	albert spencer wilcox
what characters are in dune universe ?	dune
what album is the last song on	the last song
name a person born in egypt .	egypt
who was the artist who recorded beginners	beginners
what is adrenalectomy used to treat ?	adrenalectomy
what are some uk garage albums ?	uk garage
what school is found in mount maunganui	mount maunganui
giuseppe sarti died in what city ?	giuseppe sarti
what universes does ms. marvel live in	ms. marvel
who wrote the lyrics for dancin '	dancin '
what city was issa cissokho born in	issa cissokho
name a notable figure born in seoul	seoul
what is the name of an ep	ep
what asteroids are within the asteroid belt	asteroid belt
which caribbean country is jamal campbell-ryce from	jamal campbell-ryce
what district is lincoln high school within	lincoln high school
what type of film is tarana ?	tarana
who played infielder for the white sox	infielder
what is the recording of batman called	batman
who is the innovator of the bicycle	bicycle
what language is bridal fever in ?	bridal fever
what 2006 film did mark cuban produce	mark cuban
what conflict did felix stump participate in	felix stump
name a drama movie on netflix ?	drama
what profession did josh gordon have ?	josh gordon
what football position does jake mcdonough play	jake mcdonough
which country created the film hotel imperial	hotel imperial
what is a recording from another day	another day
which company published army men : rts	army men : rts
what position does ian griffiths play ?	ian griffiths
what exactly is françois-alexandre galepides known as	françois-alexandre galepides
which country is shawn hogan from ?	shawn hogan
which format was jarre live released as	jarre live
what is an album by maow ?	maow
who is the owner of wbhp ?	wbhp
where was the birthplace of petrônio gontijo	petrônio gontijo
who are the parents of derek jacobi	derek jacobi
which game was developed by factor 5	factor 5
where is capstone career college located ?	capstone career college
who released an album called ziggy stardust	ziggy stardust
where in california did professor tanaka die	professor tanaka
what type of film is brain dead	brain dead
what language was spoken in the manual	the manual
what language is ghost train featured in	ghost train
who released the album well done 3	well done 3
what is hyperactivity a notable type of	hyperactivity
what is the title track on colors	colors
what 's a city located within queensland	queensland
h. f. lenfest is of what nationality	h. f. lenfest
what is reynaldo rey 's profession ?	reynaldo rey
which city is located in united states	united states
what tracks have ben rogan produced ?	ben rogan
what is mitch grassi 's notable type	mitch grassi
what gender is fictional character kissy suzuki	kissy suzuki
what is located in morris county ?	morris county
what is bernard erhard 's job ?	bernard erhard
what type of movie is pervert !	pervert !
what country is lea bayers rapp from	lea bayers rapp
what 's the recorded version of ohio	ohio
what country is sangeeta kandola from ?	sangeeta kandola
what is alexander macfarlane 's profession ?	alexander macfarlane
which game is the recording seed from	seed
what country filmed an outpost of progress	an outpost of progress
which country is béatrice de staël from	béatrice de staël
to what genre does ilona sojda belong	ilona sojda
what topic is voucher wars written on	voucher wars
which mathematician did carl friedrich gauss influence	carl friedrich gauss
where does trent dee hail from ?	trent dee
what city did ferruccio cerio die in	ferruccio cerio
what is esther forbes known for being	esther forbes
what kind of a work is providence	providence
what was the title track on pilot	pilot
what is a rock music album ?	rock music
what movie did benjamin stoloff direct ?	benjamin stoloff
which county is lopez lake in ?	lopez lake
in what southern state is bradfordsville located	bradfordsville
what language is lovebooks presents in ?	lovebooks presents
what county is chester a part of	chester
who is the artist that recorded greece	greece
what is geffen strummer kaye 's sex	geffen strummer kaye
which nationality does rachel hayward belong to	rachel hayward
what country is joseph quesnel from originally	joseph quesnel
what is sri kommineni 's gender ?	sri kommineni
what album was katy perry featured on	katy perry
which episodes did richard appel write ?	richard appel
what area does sveriges television serve ?	sveriges television
what country is canning college in ?	canning college
who was the publisher of metal marines	metal marines
what state is the dodd-hinsdale house in	dodd-hinsdale house
which country was of human bondage from	of human bondage
what is a book about europe ?	europe
what kind of movie is casanova brown	casanova brown
what was a track produced by 333	333
what city was vernee watson-johnson born in	vernee watson-johnson
is patricia rivadeneira male or female ?	patricia rivadeneira
what type of release is part one	part one
what did astronomer seiji ueda discover ?	seiji ueda
which organizations did samuel goldwyn founded ?	samuel goldwyn
what format was american pi released in	american pi
what 's a place inside casco bay	casco bay
what is cecil green 's gender ?	cecil green
what name does paul mccartney go by	paul mccartney
which label signed the artist sasha sokol	sasha sokol
who is the owner of the tennessean	the tennessean
what is the nationality of larry laverty	larry laverty
which position is played by tyler walker	tyler walker
which track is part of half nelson	half nelson
who is a rapper born in atlanta	atlanta
what type of film is chiva ?	chiva
what is the gender of charles roka	charles roka
who was the author editor of texas	texas
what profession is hugh leslie known for	hugh leslie
where did woody hayes 's life start	woody hayes
what is ramon harewood well known for	ramon harewood
what kind of release was keokiclash ?	keokiclash
what format was white music released in	white music
what artist made the album mechanized warfare	mechanized warfare
which league does owen badger belong to	owen badger
which us state is jonestown located ?	jonestown
what song was written by neil bartram	neil bartram
is edward rowe snow male or female	edward rowe snow
what is laurent voulzy 's profession ?	laurent voulzy
what is the profession of randy brown	randy brown
what 's nebojša koharović 's profession ?	nebojša koharović
which company makes canon eos 40d ?	canon eos 40d
which language is kanwarlal filmed in ?	kanwarlal
name a work written by peter ackroyd	peter ackroyd
what position did tim bogar play ?	tim bogar
which organization is founded by bruce wasserstein	bruce wasserstein
where did the tuscarora war take place	tuscarora war
where was the trout movie filmed ?	the trout
where in michigan was kurt luedtke born	kurt luedtke
what 's a song by van halen	van halen
what is lennox robinson 's gender ?	lennox robinson
what 's a track by mychael danna	mychael danna
name a track produced by wayne shorter	wayne shorter
what is the gender of robert owen	robert owen
what is an example of renaissance architecture	renaissance architecture
what is the biofluid location of sulfur	sulfur
what is boyd kosiyabong 's profession ?	boyd kosiyabong
what are some science fiction films ?	science fiction
what gender is bruno candido farias ?	bruno candido farias
what campus is the evangelical seminary on	evangelical seminary
what position does thomas tapeh play ?	thomas tapeh
which notable person died in abdolmalek rigi	abdolmalek rigi
which artist performs a house music genre	house music
which time zone is hartington located in	hartington
what historian was born in london ?	london
what duo was cher a part of	cher
which artist recorded melora a la basilica	melora a la basilica
does melbourne contain hawthorn east or oakland	melbourne
name a track by yoko ono .	yoko ono
what genre of music is nue ?	nue
what is the release track on starfish	starfish
what type of music does vaughn make	vaughn
what kinds of movie is the daughter	the daughter
what is strategic air command about ?	strategic air command
what 's a tourist attraction in hokkaido	hokkaido
who created the fictional character hirohiko araki	hirohiko araki
what position does mauricio pellegrino play ?	mauricio pellegrino
what condition does pope pius ix have	pope pius ix
who was the artist for john berry	john berry
which album is independent released in ?	independent
what artwork was created by man ray	man ray
what type of music is woh lamhe	woh lamhe
what form is go home train in	go home train
in which continent does haiku inc. operate	haiku inc.
what kind of movie is project viper	project viper
where was david e. brown born ?	david e. brown
what is s.d. wilcox 's gender ?	s.d. wilcox
who is a poet associated with symbolism	symbolism
which album is played by gorilla biscuits	gorilla biscuits
what films have bruce feirstein written ?	bruce feirstein
what language is butt-ugly martians spoken in	butt-ugly martians
what music style does sean kinney make	sean kinney
what city is located in owyhee county	owyhee county
what country was vann vannak born in	vann vannak
north-western province is in what country ?	north-western province
what country is shanghai fiction from ?	shanghai fiction
what country was steven richards born in	steven richards
what release is from the track star	star
what is a sports team in boston	boston
what book did donald e. westlake write	donald e. westlake
what instrument does richard sohl play ?	richard sohl
which war was held in korean peninsula	korean peninsula
who is an african american rapper ?	african american
what famous person was born in ohio	ohio
what genre in netflix is lemming in	lemming
what is ali g 's gender ?	ali g
what male politician died from tuberculosis ?	tuberculosis
what was masakazu yoshizawa place of death	masakazu yoshizawa
who was george volkoff 's advisor ?	george volkoff
what is the gender of markus bott	markus bott
what is the gender of themba mkhize	themba mkhize
what 's an example of an album	album
what type of school is madrona school	madrona school
what movie genre is the blob ?	the blob
who is a parent of natasha lyonne	natasha lyonne
where is france is la serre located	la serre
name a city in the united states	united states
what is radical e written about ?	radical e
what state does glen ayre exist in	glen ayre
what types of movie is sobre vivência	sobre vivência
what types of tv program is warriors	warriors
what is bambi jones 's gender ?	bambi jones
what is discussed in the book distortions	distortions
what country gives michael vescera his nationality	michael vescera
what is a subgenre of rockabilly ?	rockabilly
name a book based on schools .	schools
what types of movie is sikke'n familie	sikke'n familie
what is ian johnson 's gender ?	ian johnson
what was life goes on released on	life goes on
what country is central library found in	central library
what country is weimarer land in ?	weimarer land
which musical instrument is played by quoc-bao	quoc-bao
archimedes is known for creating what ?	archimedes
what is lin houston 's gender ?	lin houston
where was a. abdullah born at ?	a. abdullah
where did battle of faesulae take place	battle of faesulae
what kind of book is necropolis ?	necropolis
what are books written by rex stout	rex stout
what netflix genre does blackmail fall into	blackmail
where in asia did mitsuki nakamura die	mitsuki nakamura
who is the producer of illegal stills	illegal stills
who was douglas engelbart influenced by ?	douglas engelbart
what time zone is long lake in	long lake
what type of lake is lake meredith	lake meredith
what types of movie is the shock	the shock
what type of film is the alaskan	the alaskan
who created the fictional character crusher ?	crusher
what country is smith crossing located in	smith crossing
what tracks have nobuo uematsu produced ?	nobuo uematsu
what is james sanders known for being	james sanders
what 's a game on playstation 2	playstation 2
what book is about economic history ?	economic history
what type of website is arkive ?	arkive
what is an example of a song	song
what artist recorded mind in rewind ?	mind in rewind
which artist released fathers of reggae ?	fathers of reggae
what novel was published in 2007 ?	novel
what team plays in philips stadion ?	philips stadion
name a character who plays a physician	physician
what is paul edwin roth 's gender	paul edwin roth
what is doug phillips 's nationality ?	doug phillips
what state is royal palm ranches in	royal palm ranches
which medium is emilio vedova famous for	emilio vedova
what is an album released in 1986	album
what kind of video game is magician	magician
what french psychoanalyst influenced solange adelola faladé	solange adelola faladé
what country is in absentia filmed in	in absentia
what is oregon notable for being ?	oregon
what is peter taylor known for ?	peter taylor
where was alexandra mcdougall born in ?	alexandra mcdougall
what was the subject of the moonstone	the moonstone
what is the sex of carole allamand	carole allamand
where was dave b. mitchell born ?	dave b. mitchell
what kind of music does psychotica make	psychotica
what program is considered a drama ?	drama
what is a treatment for testicular cancer	testicular cancer
what kind of item is lemon ?	lemon
what is neil sloane 's gender ?	neil sloane
what is terry cummings 's ethnicity ?	terry cummings
what tracks has willie dixon produced ?	willie dixon
what type of movie is main street	main street
name a person born in england .	england
which mode is atlantis evolution played in	atlantis evolution
what is shalva maglakelidze 's gender ?	shalva maglakelidze
what is a symptom of noonan syndrome	noonan syndrome
what is ricky mabe 's profession ?	ricky mabe
what is the name of handball team	handball
what type of music is pet ?	pet
what profession was bernard kouchner in ?	bernard kouchner
name a work by robert b. parker	robert b. parker
which company provides entertainment in michigan ?	entertainment
who did the production design for she-devil	she-devil
what condition has nausea as a symptom	nausea
what is the release track of warrior	warrior
what mountain is a part of pyrenees	pyrenees
what artist performed heart and soul ?	heart and soul
what city is the brighton pier within	brighton pier
what netflix genre is blue chips ?	blue chips
what song is by haruichi shindo ?	haruichi shindo
what type of music is against nature	against nature
what is the nationality of alex karmo	alex karmo
what language is thomas jefferson spoken in	thomas jefferson
what type of release is ziggurats ?	ziggurats
what is the profession of jamie deen	jamie deen
what language is remembering nokutela in ?	remembering nokutela
what type of school is ochanomizu university	ochanomizu university
which movie was written by david koepp	david koepp
what kinds of story is idiot stick	idiot stick
where is the location of bobo ?	bobo
who was the architect of coventry cathedral	coventry cathedral
which label does tinariwen release music under	tinariwen
what label was brandon bolmer signed to	brandon bolmer
what language is serve the servants ?	serve the servants
what type of cooking uses azadirachta indica	azadirachta indica
what is steve grasse 's profession ?	steve grasse
in which country is spring hill located	spring hill
what genre is the tv program chancer	chancer
what is a marketed formulation of triclosan	triclosan
what type of athlete was bill whitby	bill whitby
what kind of music does tnk make	tnk
who is the father of richie steamboat	richie steamboat
what kind of store is value city	value city
name a track produced by davy spillane	davy spillane
what film genre is insaaf ki pukar	insaaf ki pukar
name a background actor born in boston	boston
who is a parent of larry fine	larry fine
what label is juvenile associated with ?	juvenile
what album is babylon a part of	babylon
what was al pearce 's profession ?	al pearce
who 's a defender for cruz azul	defender
who recorded the song the candy man	the candy man
where was everybody loves a winner released	everybody loves a winner
what is the film format of fallen	fallen
what is the gender of aaron hammersley	aaron hammersley
which album was jesse james released on	jesse james
what napoleon film did friz freleng produce	friz freleng
whats the name of a television producer	television producer
which country was praying with anger filmed	praying with anger
what is a track by 10cc ?	10cc
name a person born in hokkaido .	hokkaido
which country was etienne chicot born in	etienne chicot
where did nappy brown 's life end	nappy brown
what is the nationality of errikos thalassinos	errikos thalassinos
what is content associated with simply red	simply red
what 's a piece of wiki software	wiki
what language is love 101 filmed in	love 101
what is free the release track of	free
what format was carnivore released on ?	carnivore
which university had napoleon as a founder	napoleon
what type of artwork is where ?	where
what is the movie vamsi 's genre	vamsi
what kind of book is thin air	thin air
who composed the song the rainbow connection	rainbow connection
who did the cinematography of the stranger	the stranger
what instrument is played by fats waller	fats waller
what is a city in coweta county	coweta county
what is clayton s. taylor 's nationality	clayton s. taylor
who is a ukrainian football midfielder ?	midfielder
which artist released the violin sonatas ?	the violin sonatas
name someone who was born in rotherham	rotherham
what city is contained within 98122 ?	98122
what kinds of music is be human	be human
where is the kunming lake located ?	kunming lake
what city did leon biliński ie in	leon biliński
what country was dangerous released in ?	dangerous
who plays as a defender in football	defender
in which state is the location bonn	bonn
what is michael landon 's child ?	michael landon
what city was michael shure born in	michael shure
what country was 8 released in ?	8
who did gary burton influence in music	gary burton
who is a child of mickey heath	mickey heath
what type of album was acoustic young	acoustic young
which city was charley brock born in	charley brock
what is the gender of tyde kierney	tyde kierney
which artist did the recording lady marmalade	lady marmalade
what album is the release california from	california
what is the sex of edgar wilson	edgar wilson
what indian screenwriter was born in mumbai	mumbai
which musician released the album 9 ?	9
what drug is manufactured by cardinal health	cardinal health
what is konstantin dzutsev 's nationality ?	konstantin dzutsev
what type of game is pingus ?	pingus
name a version of the single free	free
where did ali enver beyefendi die ?	ali enver beyefendi
hypothalamus completes what part of the body	hypothalamus
what position does jay gainer play ?	jay gainer
what is per roar bredvold 's sex	per roar bredvold
what is a version of stephen ?	stephen
what label is catie curtis signed to	catie curtis
name a song from the violent album	violent
what album is central park featured on	central park
what artist released the album gold ?	gold
where is silver scooter / cursive from	silver scooter / cursive
what is arthur keen 's nationality ?	arthur keen
what is t. keith glennan 's nationality	t. keith glennan
what kind of film is the fly	the fly
what tracks did sascha konietzko produce ?	sascha konietzko
which country does terry considine belong to	terry considine
what is a recording of lost ?	lost
which continent is the urali language spoken	urali language
was kastro born in manhattan or boston	kastro
what releases are by pharrell williams ?	pharrell williams
what offensive position does cory gearrin play	cory gearrin
what toy is a part of barbie	barbie
what is jamaica kincaid 's daughters name	jamaica kincaid
which country is sequatchie river in ?	sequatchie river
which transit line does the bus follow	bus
which airport is the hub for winair	winair
what is the higher classification of tannat	tannat
what religion does denise van outen follow	denise van outen
what type of genre is survival ?	survival
what release is murder featured on ?	murder
where in europe is chase armitage from	chase armitage
what country is loughgall a part of	loughgall
who is a person born in imus	imus
what production company produced 10 rillington place	10 rillington place
what is dean walling 's nationality ?	dean walling
who 's a politician born in karaj	karaj
what production company puts on television times	television times
what is a track from new mexico	new mexico
what organization was founded by sidney myer	sidney myer
what is ejnar nettelbladt 's nationality ?	ejnar nettelbladt
what genre of film is emma ?	emma
which war did arthur pembroke participate in	arthur pembroke
who put out an album called psalms	psalms
in which usa state in westwood located	westwood
what country was killing spree filmed in	killing spree
who founded the international aids vaccine initiative	international aids vaccine initiative
what genre of film is tortilla heaven	tortilla heaven
who put out an album called gold	gold
what are characters created by matt lucas	matt lucas
what album is little red rooster from	little red rooster
what belt does 2295 matusovskij belong to	2295 matusovskij
who is the artist who composed big	big
captain apache is what type of film	captain apache
which country is swingers located in ?	swingers
where is lon chaney , sr. buried	lon chaney , sr.
which movie is edited by scarlet pimpernel	scarlet pimpernel
what is an album by the miracles	the miracles
where was got you covered released ?	got you covered
which country is the movie thalaimagan from	thalaimagan
what types of music is the maze	the maze
which football position does tiko as ?	tiko
who is hanif mohammad 's son ?	hanif mohammad
which film was directed by elia kazan	elia kazan
which city does the nunapitchuk airport serve	nunapitchuk airport
what event tournament did uganda participate in	uganda
where did silver jet get its start	silver jet
what artists are under holy spirit ?	holy spirit
which film did darryl f. zanuck produce	darryl f. zanuck
which time zone does sylvia belong to	sylvia
which country is christian edward elder from	christian edward elder
what song is on the release taxi	taxi
what is the name of a asteroid	asteroid
what is a book about architecture ?	architecture
which language is the client list in	the client list
what is the timezone of kentucky kingdom	kentucky kingdom
what album features the track south carolina	south carolina
what towns are located in india ?	india
what was anna karenina adapted into ?	anna karenina
what is yvonne thornton 's religion ?	yvonne thornton
what is the genre of monsoon wedding	monsoon wedding
who created the fictional character carlie cooper	carlie cooper
what color of horse is george washington	george washington
what game is about professional wrestling ?	professional wrestling
which pixar film did jonathan roberts write	jonathan roberts
what is anthony r. stabley 's nationality	anthony r. stabley
what book is a fantasy book ?	fantasy
what gender is angel g. luévano ?	angel g. luévano
which city was marco marinangeli born in	marco marinangeli
at which film festival was aurora shown	aurora
which film was written by joe carnahan	joe carnahan
who was the composer for north hollywood	north hollywood
which film was directed by maria-teresa barbasso	maria-teresa barbasso
what position does mitch talbot play ?	mitch talbot
where is the neighborhoood hickman hills located	hickman hills
what label signed the artist gregg allman	gregg allman
what city was kurt stöpel born in	kurt stöpel
what platform was 1942 made for ?	1942
who is an actor born in hollywood	hollywood
what is an album by bally sagoo	bally sagoo
what language is aruvadai naal in ?	aruvadai naal
what kind of book is julian ?	julian
which us city is kroger building in	kroger building
what music genre is dorothy at forty	dorothy at forty
who was the producer of murder ?	murder
who is an electronic music artist ?	electronic music
what city did gustav lechner die in	gustav lechner
what country is princess minerva filmed in	princess minerva
name a university in the united states	united states
what genre is appointment with danger ?	appointment with danger
what is the grouch 's profession ?	the grouch
what country was bomber harris flimed in	bomber harris
what does bangladesh nationalist party identify as	bangladesh nationalist party
what drug does mylan laboratories inc. manufacture	mylan laboratories inc.
where was john caslione born in ?	john caslione
where in california was jeff robinson born	jeff robinson
what government position does mark takano hold	mark takano
what baseball position does dave revering play	dave revering
what is ben moses 's nationality ?	ben moses
what type of film is rei rei	rei rei
what sort of music is on ride	ride
what album is classified as electronic music	electronic music
what is a release track from bad	bad
whats an asteroid in a solar system	solar system
what 's a composition from ed cobb	ed cobb
what country is slightly dangerous filmed in	slightly dangerous
what did ike azotam for a living	ike azotam
what are some fantasy titles on netflix	fantasy
what kind of video game is willow	willow
what language is spoken in ganga ?	ganga
where is the origin of kishori amonkar	kishori amonkar
which fictional character is a scientist ?	scientist
where in italy was maurizio prollo born	maurizio prollo
what 's jonathan vanger 's biological gender	jonathan vanger
what is the notable type of cahors	cahors
what 's pang qing 's gender ?	pang qing
which country is wenona a part of	wenona
who is the artist for good life	good life
what is an english venture capital firm	venture capital
what is paula von preradović 's profession	paula von preradović
what is the active moiety in acetaminophen/doxylamine/phenylephrine	acetaminophen/doxylamine/phenylephrine
what type of album is orchestertreffen '93	orchestertreffen '93
who executive produced the last fall ?	the last fall
is popeye a human or an alien	popeye
which subject is perch hill written about	perch hill
what is the active moiety of tacrine	tacrine
what country is first love filmed in	first love
which country did søren rode have nationality	søren rode
where is the orlando executive airport located	orlando executive airport
what film did hal roach produce ?	hal roach
what 's a tourist attraction in kildare	kildare
where in hungary was ferike vidor born	ferike vidor
what position is iván nova charge of	iván nova
which county locates orange city , florida	orange city , florida
what train album is mississippi listed on	mississippi
where was eleonor magdalene of neuburg born	eleonor magdalene of neuburg
what religion does p. chinnamma reddy practice	p. chinnamma reddy
where in france did yves giraud-cabantous die	yves giraud-cabantous
what is a tourist attraction in porthmadog	porthmadog
who is the parent of barbara bach	barbara bach
what game has been published by aminet	aminet
what is kamil pardo 's profession ?	kamil pardo
what type of music does cake make	cake
which artist made the original mono recordings	the original mono recordings
who plays as a defender in football	defender
what courthouse is located in hanover county	hanover county
what country is the film pardesi from	pardesi
what is sabato morais 's gender ?	sabato morais
what is a subject of eirenarcha ?	eirenarcha
which state is barnard college located in	barnard college
what kind of album is takeover ?	takeover
what nation is hamad ndikumana from ?	hamad ndikumana
who 's one notable person from clarkston	clarkston
what type of object is green dragon	green dragon
who recorded the song i was glad	i was glad
what film did edgar wright direct ?	edgar wright
what baseball position did shohei kato play	shohei kato
what film genre is decaying orbit ?	decaying orbit
which continent is rondout creek in ?	rondout creek
is william barak female or male ?	william barak
what album was paul revere released in	paul revere
what is henri courpron 's birth place	henri courpron
what kind of movie was the twinkler	the twinkler
which asteroid was discovered by spacewatch ?	asteroid
which position does fabián orellana play ?	fabián orellana
where exactly was boris van hoof born	boris van hoof
what is the gender of tammy lauren	tammy lauren
what volcano is located in el salvador	el salvador
what is an episode of new york	new york
what 's a local neighborhood in detroit	local
what football position does john baker play	john baker
which gender does henrik sedin identify as	henrik sedin
what is odeh ogar 's gender ?	odeh ogar
what tracks are by the the supremes	the supremes
what is the gender of thomas settle	thomas settle
what production company produced the flm robots	robots
name a war film by garin nugroho	war film
what country is santa clara located in	santa clara
where is life in victorian times filmed	life in victorian times
what is nikolai latysh 's football position	nikolai latysh
what is ross barbour 's gender ?	ross barbour
what binding did fanny hill come in	fanny hill
what job is eilert ekwall known for	eilert ekwall
in what region was always released in	always
what track was released from the beatles	the beatles
what was kristin otto known as ?	kristin otto
name a track producred by andré jacquemin	andré jacquemin
what city is municipality located in brazil	brazil
what is a soul music album ?	soul music
what album is clint eastwood featured on	clint eastwood
name a cvg strategy video game .	strategy video game
which game was published by electronic arts	electronic arts
what is a recording of rumors called	rumors
filemaker inc. is what type of industry	filemaker inc.
what gene is found in chromosome 5	chromosome 5
what is a drug of polymyxin ?	polymyxin
what kind of film is wasted ?	wasted
what film genre is 5150 elms way	5150 elms way
where was bryn lewis when he died	bryn lewis
who was involved in the iran-contra affair	iran-contra affair
what film genre is the movie satya	satya
what type of release was burnin '	burnin '
which netflix genre does seed belong to	seed
is asambhav a thriller or horror movie	asambhav
what instrument did clifford jordan play ?	clifford jordan
which movie did morgan creek productions produce	morgan creek productions
what is the canonical version of busted	busted
what is răzvan rădulescu 's sex ?	răzvan rădulescu
what newspaper circulates in jackson county ?	jackson county
what english statistician did george berkeley influence	george berkeley
what is rebecca root 's birthplace ?	rebecca root
what is the gender of daniel sosa	daniel sosa
what is an album by salt-n-pepa ?	salt-n-pepa
which country was written in bracket racing	bracket racing
what is the sex of ulf björlin	ulf björlin
which language is the film blind rage	blind rage
who was the editor for malcolm campbell	malcolm campbell
which artist recorded i 'll try ?	i 'll try
who is an actor born in vadstena	vadstena
which episode is contained of first monday	first monday
what language is in wherever you are	wherever you are
what language is spoken in agricultural technology	agricultural technology
what is nicol pitro 's profession ?	nicol pitro
who identifies with the african american ethnicity	african american
what is a symptom of emotional insecurity	emotional insecurity
what type of film is dead line	dead line
what artist is on warning sign ?	warning sign
which compilation is energy a track on	energy
where was emery john battis born ?	emery john battis
what is the nationality of robert sapolsky	robert sapolsky
which musician recorded i shall be released	i shall be released
where was norman luboff born in ?	norman luboff
who recorded the song jingle bells ?	jingle bells
what was written in power of play	power of play
what gender is egia ilia khachaturian ?	egia ilia khachaturian
which olympic event did poland participate in	poland
is dan hicks male or female ?	dan hicks
what does beatriz luengo do for work	beatriz luengo
what genre of film is true love	true love
which position does john olufemi play ?	john olufemi
which track is found on jesus ?	jesus
what position does blake moore play ?	blake moore
what football position does stewart downing play	stewart downing
what is a risk factor of scleritis	scleritis
what instruments can mal waldron play ?	mal waldron
what position does leon murray play ?	leon murray
which city was jonathan roumie born in	jonathan roumie
what kind of album is collection 005	collection 005
which program is a variety show ?	variety show
where was martha rueda terrazas born ?	martha rueda terrazas
name a coal town in virginia .	virginia
which position is played by lou saban	lou saban
what instrument does bruce thomas play ?	bruce thomas
which youtube star produces video art ?	video art
what hotel did robert lorimer design ?	robert lorimer
which release included the recording new york	new york
who wrote soul of the fire ?	soul of the fire
who was born in los angeles ?	los angeles
who is the owner of wfty-dt ?	wfty-dt
what is a version of titan quest	titan quest
what is joey levine 's nationality ?	joey levine
what is the release track on believe	believe
where was lee hazlewood when he died	lee hazlewood
who sings dios disfrute a la reina	dios disfrute a la reina
which season does savannah air on ?	savannah
what label is arcade fire with ?	arcade fire
where is brighton and hove located ?	brighton and hove
which country is andreas wisniewski from ?	andreas wisniewski
what country is mark ayres from ?	mark ayres
who was the producer for the hunchback	the hunchback
what exactly is mitochondrial trifunctional protein deficiency	mitochondrial trifunctional protein deficiency
where was dave eggler when he died	dave eggler
what country is dow corner in ?	dow corner
who wrote under the tuscan sun ?	under the tuscan sun
what sort of metal does labyrinth perform	labyrinth
what country is the release apocalyptic from	apocalyptic
what type of album is farewell concert	farewell concert
name a work about the 20th century	20th century
which album is single ( music )	single
what is robin nedwell 's nationality ?	robin nedwell
where was sir shina peters born ?	sir shina peters
geoffrey was the son of who ?	geoffrey
what type of geographical feature is werd	werd
who is the owner of abilene reporter-news	abilene reporter-news
what county uses the area code 32926	32926
what film was written by larry gross	larry gross
what language is 6teen broadcast in ?	6teen
which college can be found in clarksville	clarksville
what deadly disease killed fred m. vinson	fred m. vinson
who owns the capital life radio station	capital life
what time zone is used in kipnuk	kipnuk
what zoo offers the exhibit into africa	into africa
where does oc transpo route 406 end	oc transpo route 406
what format was ok computer released as	ok computer
what album is the song traitor from	traitor
what language was peter ibbetson filmed in	peter ibbetson
what is the nationality of richard taundry	richard taundry
what is michael bartosh 's religion ?	michael bartosh
which movie was directed by jean-pierre jeunet	jean-pierre jeunet
which book is the edition scarecrow from	scarecrow
what city was joseph leon born in	joseph leon
what time zone is djibouti located in	djibouti
who are authors associated with postmodern literature	postmodern literature
what is a song included in roam	roam
which country was worlds end recorded in	worlds end
what is the religion of shawn bradley	shawn bradley
what fictional character was born in mali	mali
who is the creator of zom ?	zom
what album was created by noel coward	noel coward
who is the director for wild girl	wild girl
what release is imf escape on ?	imf escape
what type of film is sound collector	sound collector
what release can jesus be found on	jesus
what a drug manufactured by watson pharmaceuticals	watson pharmaceuticals
what film genre is the movie pontypool	pontypool
what is a river in north america	north america
what type of film is cold star	cold star
what is an album recorded by rahzel	rahzel
who recorded perdition ( piano duet )	perdition ( piano duet )
what kind of music does duels create	duels
what is the format of tides ?	tides
what is c. austin miles gender ?	c. austin miles
which instrument did pete barnacle play ?	pete barnacle
what position did tommy steel play ?	tommy steel
where is the location of patterson ?	patterson
what artist made the album the storyman	the storyman
what 's a common fruit in asia	fruit
what 's a song from the freeze	the freeze
which gender does jan mclucas belong to	jan mclucas
what baseball position does hunter jones have	hunter jones
what is matt franco 's gender ?	matt franco
what form did the composition forever take	forever
who is the author of ethan frome	ethan frome
name a latin american music album .	latin american music
what was the profession of edward copson	edward copson
what are the names of compilation albums	compilation
what genre of film is undercover kids	undercover kids
which language is primarily used in deathwatch	deathwatch
which releases contain the track portrait ?	portrait
what is ana lelas ' birthplace ?	ana lelas
what type of album is metropolis rescore	metropolis rescore
who is the illustrator of ranma ½	ranma ½
what work has the subject of lumber	lumber
which tracks are produced by psychoplasma ?	psychoplasma
what kind of book is lin mclean	lin mclean
what is the subject of after mary	after mary
what track was released on countdown 2000	countdown 2000
what soccer position does detlev dammeier play	detlev dammeier
what kind of film is super capers	super capers
what is john t. mcnicholas 's nationality	john t. mcnicholas
what county did isaac shelby die in	isaac shelby
what tracks are by dj khaled ?	dj khaled
what is the profession of suhrud godbole	suhrud godbole
what characters have ramona fradon created ?	ramona fradon
where was alfred dorfer born at ?	alfred dorfer
who is the author of warrior queen	warrior queen
what kind of album is the reminder	the reminder
where did johann ernst bach ii die	johann ernst bach ii
what recording is on the track india	india
what is m. s. swaminathan 's ethnicity	m. s. swaminathan
what company is named after walter landor	walter landor
what is baek ji-hoon known for being	baek ji-hoon
what language is spoken throughout argentine nights	argentine nights
what country was francesco giavazzi born in	francesco giavazzi
what company produced the film changeling ?	changeling
what kind of software system is dendral	dendral
name a discovery made at palomar observatory	palomar observatory
which actor was born in england ?	england
where did denys de la patellière die	denys de la patellière
which artist released the album 10cc collected	10cc collected
what movie uses spanish language in netflix	spanish language
what kind of genre does izegrim play	izegrim
what country is garbally college in ?	garbally college
what musical release was beautiful girls from	beautiful girls
where was into the dark released ?	into the dark
which film is in the genre drama	drama
what is an album by bo diddley	album
what is the nationality of mercedes alonso	mercedes alonso
what 's a place is richmond county	richmond county
is tim thomas right or left handed	tim thomas
which country released the kinks choral collection	the kinks choral collection
tony knight is from which country ?	tony knight
what is a soul music album ?	soul music
what illness was suffered by hope lange	hope lange
what is voices 's genre on netflix	voices
what series did go nagai create ?	go nagai
who is the child of jack jouett	jack jouett
who developed nhl eastside hockey manager ?	nhl eastside hockey manager
where is the western culinary institute located	western culinary institute
is danielle comerford a male or female	danielle comerford
where is den ofrivillige golfaren from ?	den ofrivillige golfaren
what is alexander manockov 's gender ?	alexander manockov
in what format was rocket charms released	rocket charms
what is the original version of starvation	starvation
which profession is jim lau known for	jim lau
who was the parent of david mantle	david mantle
what type of organization is par pharmaceutical	par pharmaceutical
what kind of object is an acura	acura
which novelist was born in baghdad ?	baghdad
what is the sex of katie jarvis	katie jarvis
what is the nationality of thabo nthethe	thabo nthethe
where city was amanda shires born in	amanda shires
which film did amy heckerling produce ?	amy heckerling
where did melvin b. tolson die ?	melvin b. tolson
where is the location of reno ?	reno
what songs did billy corgan produce ?	billy corgan
which defensive position does facundo argüello play	facundo argüello
what was charlotte schwab 's gender ?	charlotte schwab
who is the artist that recorded birth	birth
what is andy cohn 's gender ?	andy cohn
what is oliver jackson-cohen 's gender ?	oliver jackson-cohen
what is the ethnicity of richard park	richard park
what instrument does bobby lord play ?	bobby lord
which city did hans-walter heyne pass away	hans-walter heyne
where in scandinavia is egil hegerberg from	egil hegerberg
what series is spike an episode from	spike
what is the nationality of sissi ?	sissi
who directed the new york nights movie	new york nights
what genre does benjamin smoke perform ?	benjamin smoke
who is ann meyers ' child ?	ann meyers
what country gives nationality to prema narayan	prema narayan
what is the gender of chris hicky	chris hicky
what time zone is used in beaconsfield	beaconsfield
what is an example of art rock	art rock
where does the team peoria rivermen play	peoria rivermen
what kind of music does revenant play	revenant
which country was john leigh born in	john leigh
what country is one way out from	one way out
what kind of written work is elixir	elixir
which album is created by waylon jennings	waylon jennings
is robert nilsson from sweden or finland	robert nilsson
which language is the name ari in	ari
whats an example of a suspense book	suspense
what artist recorded the comforts of madness	the comforts of madness
what film was produced by andy heyward	andy heyward
what religion is dick savitt affiliated with	dick savitt
what are tourist attraction in richmond ?	richmond
which position was played by paul lankford	paul lankford
what is james mathers 's profession ?	james mathers
what basketball player played for the pacers	basketball player
who released the recording set it off	set it off
which label does moby belong to ?	moby
what type of game is d-day ?	d-day
what is the recording track on wake	wake
what is a science fiction film ?	science fiction
what was named for yakov sverdlov ?	yakov sverdlov
what episodes did akiva goldsman direct ?	akiva goldsman
who is a human rights activist ?	human rights
what season featured the episode jerry seinfeld	jerry seinfeld
what album was hollywood released under ?	hollywood
which artist is signed to capitol records	capitol records
what country released the movie spy smasher	spy smasher
what was living by fiction written about	living by fiction
what is jaime camino 's sex ?	jaime camino
what is a treatment for glaucoma ?	glaucoma
what label is jody porter signed with	jody porter
what type of music does avantasia make	avantasia
what is phelps phelps 's gender ?	phelps phelps
what nation is maxence flachez from ?	maxence flachez
what is daisaku shinohara 's gender ?	daisaku shinohara
name a child of zong qinghou .	zong qinghou
what country is maiwa language spoken in	maiwa language
name an artist on asylum records .	asylum records
what major conflict occured in hebron ?	hebron
what genre of music is ima robot	ima robot
what is paul d. maclean 's nationality	paul d. maclean
what is ridley from metroid 's gender	ridley
who was painting of visual art form	painting
what is an example of a retail-store	retail-store
where can boy be found on netflix	boy
which language is the film fragile in	fragile
what is a lake in lake winnipesaukee	lake winnipesaukee
what position does mykhaylo starostyak play ?	mykhaylo starostyak
which artist is considered a ranchera artist	ranchera
what is vladimir rogachyov 's gender ?	vladimir rogachyov
what 's the book american government about	american government
what is patrick farrelly 's nationality ?	patrick farrelly
who is the author of the ennead	the ennead
which release was the track rumors from	rumors
which album is red released in ?	red
what is youssef haraoui 's gender ?	youssef haraoui
what genre is the film the suburbans	the suburbans
what 's a song from love letters	love letters
what country gives nationality to toeti heraty	toeti heraty
name someone who was born in córdoba	córdoba
who recorded piano concerto no. 1 ?	piano concerto no. 1
who did the cinematography of horsing around	horsing around
what is things to come about ?	things to come
what genre is lebanon under in netflix	lebanon
what genre is srđan branković classified as	srđan branković
what country is leaning pines in ?	leaning pines
which county is merritt island located in	merritt island
what label is mark volman signed with	mark volman
who wrote the mayor of castro street	the mayor of castro street
what position does lee roy selmon play	lee roy selmon
what 's n album from don omar	don omar
which architect was given birth in delaware	delaware
which movie was directed by jeremy gilley	jeremy gilley
which country was mind chaos released in	mind chaos
what kind of music is chris sorbello	chris sorbello
which industry is west coast air in	west coast air
what kind of artist is sam taylor	sam taylor
what season features the episode kirsten dunst	kirsten dunst
which species is in lestat de lioncourt	lestat de lioncourt
what release includes the release track evolution	evolution
what kind of film is running mates	running mates
what crime film did barbra matis directed	barbra matis
who wrote the screenplay for strange wives	strange wives
what is a symptom of red eye	red eye
what is the release track on melbourne	melbourne
what city did vasily radlov die in	vasily radlov
where did hal england pass away ?	hal england
what is bill wallace 's profession ?	bill wallace
what is bill cleary 's birth place	bill cleary
what is the profession of sharon dickman	sharon dickman
what islands were named after john marshall	john marshall
what is the subject of the transformers	the transformers
in what city was john chanter born	john chanter
who is the child of marie pelzl	marie pelzl
which story did dick huemer contribute in	dick huemer
list a track from the release copout	copout
what country is arturo ledesma from ?	arturo ledesma
what is karen traviss 's nationality ?	karen traviss
what album was clarence thomas released on	clarence thomas
name a character created by kevin smith	kevin smith
what language is hard times spoken in	hard times
what is the subject of reaper man	reaper man
which biofluid location contains 2-aminobenzoic acid ?	2-aminobenzoic acid
what state did scot armstrong originate from	scot armstrong
which company produced shrek the third ?	shrek the third
which label is julie roberts apart of	julie roberts
what is spironolactone used to treat ?	spironolactone
who produced the movie sweet and sourdough	sweet and sourdough
what is the time zone of wilcox	wilcox
name an album by herb alpert .	herb alpert
what type of release is load ?	load
name a model ( person ) .	model
what is the license for microsoft visio	microsoft visio
name a romantic foreign movies on netflix	romantic foreign movies
what is a recording of wyoming ?	wyoming
where did johannes pääsuke pass away ?	johannes pääsuke
what is giorgos mihailidis 's nationality ?	giorgos mihailidis
which position did bill windle play ?	bill windle
what 's a mountain in montgomery county	montgomery county
what genre of book is mystery man	mystery man
who died form the electric chair ?	electric chair
which musician has i shall be released	i shall be released
who helped found the national youth administration	national youth administration
who owns the the scone advocate newspaper	the scone advocate
which schools are located in florida ?	florida
what country is just business filmed ?	just business
what gender is peter x. kelly .	peter x. kelly
what is a book published by constable	constable
which music is composed by daryl hall	daryl hall
which event was macario shown at ?	macario
what is a college found in missouri	missouri
which band is signed by phantom records	phantom records
who released the album man on wire	man on wire
what is the subject of grave secrets	grave secrets
what are classic movies on netflix ?	classic movies
how can jerry and me be classified	jerry and me
what is maurice argent 's profession ?	maurice argent
what is elizabeth couchman 's gender ?	elizabeth couchman
does nailbomb play hardcore punk or techno	nailbomb
what country made the film leading ladies	leading ladies
who manufactured the aircraft model sikorsky h-5	sikorsky h-5
what country is chifeng university in ?	chifeng university
what 's an example of a song	song
what kind of music is hora enamorada	hora enamorada
what company used the rebranding marketing strategy	rebranding
where is the artist wes swing from	wes swing
which series was created by mike grell	mike grell
who is a rock music artist ?	rock music
what is fort hood best known as	fort hood
what 's a hard rock album ?	hard rock
what type of album is wildside ?	wildside
what is michelle paver 's profession ?	michelle paver
name a film produced by sue baden-powell	sue baden-powell
who directed heroes ( tv series )	heroes
what is the sex of gary sullivan	gary sullivan
what album is sonny a part of	sonny
what is edward stobart 's ethnicity ?	edward stobart
who was involved in siege of yorktown	siege of yorktown
which country is charles w. morris from	charles w. morris
what type of album is midnight train	midnight train
which nation is martha mattox from ?	martha mattox
where did robert alexander walker pass away	robert alexander walker
what is an equivalent concecpt of metaphysics	metaphysics
which company developed the game mech brigade	mech brigade
what 's an album andy williams made	andy williams
who is a cuban american lawyer ?	cuban american
this actress was born in scranton .	scranton
what kind of icon is justin bieber	justin bieber
who is a rap rock artist ?	rap rock
which siberian activist was born in podgorica	podgorica
what is the gender of hassan bashir	hassan bashir
where did jan van raemdonck die ?	jan van raemdonck
what city is mariposa county in ?	mariposa county
where is queens degree college located ?	queens degree college
which japanese tv shows features steampunk ?	steampunk
what story does soranik natu appear in	soranik natu
what type of film is beast ?	beast
who wrote the hancock ( film )	hancock
who did compose the music of irréversible	irréversible
what are albums by jan garbarek ?	jan garbarek
what country is the beginning filmed in	the beginning
where did the artist vincent lopez originate	vincent lopez
which position does fredrik strømstad play ?	fredrik strømstad
which country was rosy cole born in	rosy cole
what is bill mcgunnigle 's profession ?	bill mcgunnigle
what is mara santangelo 's job ?	mara santangelo
what country is allan lake landing in	allan lake landing
where was hannah jane fox originally from	hannah jane fox
what organization did paul mccartney help found	paul mccartney
what religion does david josef bach practice	david josef bach
who is a goalkeeper in football ?	goalkeeper
which city is located in pitkin county	pitkin county
who is a warner music group artist	warner music group
whats a version of the song greenpeace	greenpeace
david brin influenced what horror writer ?	david brin
whats the name of a boarding school	boarding school
what celestial body orbits the sun ?	the sun
what genre of music is jane siberry	jane siberry
where does the pemigewasset river originate from	pemigewasset river
who is the child of joe piscopo	joe piscopo
name an album that teddy pendergrass released	teddy pendergrass
what position does mark cartwright play ?	mark cartwright
what would be a speculative fiction book	speculative fiction
where is the candy bar krackel sold	krackel
what book was written by joel osteen	joel osteen
what is ernie wolf place of death	ernie wolf
what films were released by lionsgate entertainment	lionsgate
what is maurice aubergé 's nationality ?	maurice aubergé
what city was christos dervenis born in	christos dervenis
what greater area is rivercrest part of	rivercrest
what century is killing rage written about	killing rage
what is esam omeish 's ethnicity ?	esam omeish
which neighborhood is located in texas ?	texas
who is the developer behind litil divil	litil divil
which device is included in pocket pc	pocket pc
what is donald fox 's ethnicity ?	donald fox
what industry is harley ellis devereaux in	harley ellis devereaux
what has been named after wilhelm röntgen	wilhelm röntgen
who was david a. hargrave influemced by	david a. hargrave
what drug is available in suspension form	suspension
what type of attraction is rizal park	rizal park
what is akihiko ishizumi 's nationality ?	akihiko ishizumi
name a track recorded by otto klemperer	otto klemperer
what is new orleans a recording of	new orleans
what 's a city wtihin nassau county	nassau county
what country is hollingworth lake located in	hollingworth lake
name someone who was born in oulu	oulu
where was the birthplace of alexander gaden	alexander gaden
which baseball player is from halifax ?	halifax
what type of release is roald dahl	roald dahl
what diseases can be treated by echocardiography	echocardiography
what track was produced by daniel lanois	daniel lanois
what genre is see jane run ?	see jane run
what illness caused isaac witkin 's death	isaac witkin
what neighborhood is in new york city	new york city
what is adam azmy 's gender ?	adam azmy
what is the ethnicity of oliver konteh	oliver konteh
what is the topic of main street	main street
where did jesse colburn get his start	jesse colburn
which track was created by joel mcneely	joel mcneely
what film genre is boy crush ?	boy crush
what is the active ingredient in arginine	arginine
who was the parent of amelia rosselli	amelia rosselli
what 's an album by elva hsiao	elva hsiao
which country is cydney bernard from ?	cydney bernard
in which language does google chrome run	google chrome
where does the white river start ?	white river
what drug was manufactured by cardinal health	cardinal health
what release is the track free from	free
where country is neil brand from ?	neil brand
what 's a song from dave gahan	dave gahan
what is the gender of clive limpkin	clive limpkin
what color is dicyclomine hydrochloride 20 tablet	dicyclomine hydrochloride 20 tablet
who is a parent of megan denver	megan denver
what language was comanche moon written in	comanche moon
what was the original release of fearless	fearless
what language does richard bleiler speak ?	richard bleiler
what film did jennifer baumgardner direct ?	jennifer baumgardner
what is john juanda 's ethnicity ?	john juanda
which artist recorded blue grass 1959-1969 ?	blue grass 1959-1969
what is the release track on chemist	chemist
which time zone is busto garolfo in	busto garolfo
what type of movie is the patriot	the patriot
what print media is found in kolkata	kolkata
who wrote the episode good vibrations ?	good vibrations
where was thomas de gasperi born ?	thomas de gasperi
who was involved in the long march	long march
what type of comic is barabanba ?	barabanba
where in india is maharashtra located ?	maharashtra
what platform was bad released on ?	bad
where is vladimir vasyutin originally from ?	vladimir vasyutin
which country contains 1991 pan american games	1991 pan american games
which comic book character is a politician	politician
what is a newspaper circulating in houston	houston
which record is created by orange goblin	orange goblin
what country was the patriot filmed in	the patriot
name a place in nuevo leon .	nuevo leon
who are ras baraka 's parents ?	ras baraka
who was imagawa ujizane 's parent ?	imagawa ujizane
which nation is deacon brodie from ?	deacon brodie
which company produced i 'll be yours	i 'll be yours
what is the music album forever young	forever young
under what label does adriana evans work	adriana evans
what is yoshiyuki ohmori 's profession ?	yoshiyuki ohmori
what film did françois audouy direct ?	françois audouy
who was an influence for steven brust	steven brust
who is the author of the stand	the stand
what is angel fleitas 's gender ?	angel fleitas
what high school is located in hugo	high school
what time zone is racine in ?	racine
what 's an album from billie holiday	billie holiday
what type of film is george wallace	george wallace
what is the main text from catholicism	catholicism
which country was home grown filmed in	home grown
what are songs in the cairo album	cairo
what is tim yeo 's nationality ?	tim yeo
what 's an album featuring dag nasty	dag nasty
is giulia werner espíndola male or female	giulia werner espíndola
what is a city in rutland county	rutland county
which county is fayetteville located in ?	fayetteville
what genre on netflix is psychopathia sexualis	psychopathia sexualis
what is ronnie kasrils 's job ?	ronnie kasrils
what male was born in madrid ?	madrid
what was floyd patterson 's weight devision	floyd patterson
which game was published by tri synergy	tri synergy
who directed steve-o : demise and rise	steve-o : demise and rise
what is jett pangan 's nationality ?	jett pangan
what kind of music does blokhe4d make	blokhe4d
what kind of music does chlq-fm play	chlq-fm
what kind of book is annihilation factor	annihilation factor
where is sheryl crow 's album released	sheryl crow
what 's a monument of national significance	national
what gender does gary gach belong to	gary gach
what subject is covered in understanding development	understanding development
which time zone is thorp located in	thorp
what was the nationality of gene banks	gene banks
which book did pan books publish ?	pan books
is courage a drama or a comedy	courage
what track is produced by frankmusik ?	frankmusik
what does 6414 mizunuma orbit around ?	6414 mizunuma
what is the profession of don muhlbach	don muhlbach
which movie is produced by mark burnett	mark burnett
what is logan kelley 's gender ?	logan kelley
which county is brookhaven located in ?	brookhaven
what language is spoken in shark tank	shark tank
what country has the zip code 98225	98225
which program is an action/adventure show ?	action/adventure
what is the birthplace of ian lithgow	ian lithgow
what is hema sardesai 's birth place	hema sardesai
what type of music is distant earth	distant earth
where is charles mount originally from ?	charles mount
what type of album is dos grandes	dos grandes
whats the name of a korean composer	composer
which city did yehuda ashlag die in	yehuda ashlag
what genre is diablo ii soundtrack ?	diablo ii soundtrack
where is the artist brian may from	brian may
what sport did george atkins coach ?	george atkins
what 's a canonical version of pure	pure
who published golden axe : beast rider	golden axe : beast rider
where in california was justin gocke born	justin gocke
what series includes an episode titled hungary	hungary
who was a victim of necrophilia ?	necrophilia
what was john vi kantakouzenos 's birthplace	john vi kantakouzenos
what film genre is show boat ?	show boat
which country is john f. williams from	john f. williams
what artist makes skate punk music ?	skate punk
what country is connor pain from ?	connor pain
what is the original version of suicide	suicide
which state is watchman lookout station in	watchman lookout station
what country is rudolf flesch from ?	rudolf flesch
what region was elegia released in ?	elegia
who is the lyricist of amphetamine logic	amphetamine logic
what language family is luguru language from	luguru language
what edition is from the book brazil	brazil
who were ram dass 's parents ?	ram dass
which job is jason newman known for	jason newman
which movie was written by jerry juhl	jerry juhl
what record label is sugar on ?	sugar
name a person of cherokee descent .	cherokee
which country was written in big lies	big lies
amoxicillin is found in what medicine ?	amoxicillin
which genre is the king of fighters	the king of fighters
who is an activist for labor rights	labor rights
who were the producers of hello nasty	hello nasty
who is a female white american ?	white american
whats the legal status of balsalazide disodium	balsalazide disodium
what type of film is love khichdi	love khichdi
which nation is ryann green from ?	ryann green
what is the topic of johncleese ?	johncleese
what 's a track off americana gothic	americana gothic
what kind of product is phenytoin ?	phenytoin
what organization did leonard blavatnik found ?	leonard blavatnik
what was the advisee of edward sapir	edward sapir
what was the gender of richard grimsdale	richard grimsdale
what is niño gelig 's gender ?	niño gelig
what is josef rovenský 's profession ?	josef rovenský
what is isaac featherston known for ?	isaac featherston
what basketball position does martin müürsepp play	martin müürsepp
what accommodation type is the dominion hotel	the dominion hotel
what is rosso fiorentino 's nationality ?	rosso fiorentino
what type of organization is tpg ?	tpg
what is the gender of eligius fromentin	eligius fromentin
what music artist released the album phantasmagoria	phantasmagoria
which instrument is played by nat adderley	nat adderley
what is the active ingredient of ketotifen	ketotifen
what genre of film is europa europa	europa europa
who published the computer game puyo puyo	puyo puyo
which soccer position does adam blacklaw play	adam blacklaw
what is vicki goldberg 's profession ?	vicki goldberg
what company makes the htc touch dual	htc touch dual
what film did harvey keitel executive produce	harvey keitel
what film was directed by scott ritenour	scott ritenour
what was written in britain under fire	britain under fire
what position did cale hulse play ?	cale hulse
witch south west indian state contains bajala	bajala
what album is produced by midori goto	midori goto
which bowling style does abey kuruvilla have	abey kuruvilla
what is a ride at kings dominion	kings dominion
what tv series is part of heroes	heroes
what film did zhang yimou direct ?	zhang yimou
who was gaussian process named after ?	gaussian process
what is the release track on freestyle	freestyle
where is rhythms of the south from	rhythms of the south
who is the composer of the lighthouse	the lighthouse
what is dmitrijs jurkevičs 's gender ?	dmitrijs jurkevičs
what kind of music is pulling teeth	pulling teeth
what is the nationality of didier rachou	didier rachou
who directed faces of a fig tree	faces of a fig tree
what kind of lake is claerwen ?	claerwen
what is a marketed formulation of testosterone	testosterone
which game did parker brothers develop ?	parker brothers
what 's a football game by konami	football
what film is inside moves filmed in	inside moves
is sami garam male or female ?	sami garam
who is the bugcrush film story by	bugcrush
what is a recording of joseph ?	joseph
what type of lake is elgygytgyn lake	elgygytgyn lake
under which label does ernest tubb work	ernest tubb
who recorded climbing over a rocky mountain	climbing over a rocky mountain
what film was toronto featured in ?	toronto
what is the ethnicity of emily davinci	emily davinci
what book is about christian denomination ?	christian denomination
which artist released odessey and oracle ?	odessey and oracle
name people georg wilhelm friedrich hegel influenced	georg wilhelm friedrich hegel
what country is inthanon range in ?	inthanon range
whats the title of a fiction book	fiction
what books have greg iles written ?	greg iles
what album is the game featured on	the game
what is a title from clear ?	clear
what 's a composition from anton rubinstein	anton rubinstein
what editions were published by pat barker	pat barker
which album was cape town released on	cape town
who tv show was winn adami in	winn adami
who is an artist that did ballad	ballad
where is the pyramid found in canada	the pyramid
which time zone is fyffe located in	fyffe
what format was right action released as	right action
which genre of film is caro diario	caro diario
what musician has supported steve vai ?	steve vai
what are tracks of the baby album	baby
what release is from the recording firecracker	firecracker
what is the candesartan cilexetil 32 tablet	candesartan cilexetil 32 tablet
what is the book dangerous emotions about	dangerous emotions
what is bob hudson most known for	bob hudson
who businessman part of the jewish people	jewish people
name the composer of weary hearted blues	weary hearted blues
what subject appears in humane livestock handling	humane livestock handling
which release contains the track tomorrow ?	tomorrow
what is alessandra ambrosio 's profession ?	alessandra ambrosio
cass county is in this state .	cass county
what is william rotsler 's profession ?	william rotsler
what nationality does chris fountain belong to	chris fountain
what is sven-olof walldoff 's language ?	sven-olof walldoff
what gender is elizabeth clarke wolstenholme elmy	elizabeth clarke wolstenholme elmy
what sports did keith barnes play ?	keith barnes
which boy band is singed to emi	emi
what was released in all good things	all good things
what is the song boyfriend notable as	boyfriend
what 's a documentary film on netflix	documentary film
what oberfeldwebel was born in magdeburg ?	magdeburg
what is 6806 kaufmann categorized as ?	6806 kaufmann
which artist is from the album progress	progress
which architectural style is lee tracy house	lee tracy house
what type of software is fring ?	fring
what language is the film geris game	geris game
who was influenced by lord byron ?	lord byron
who is benny begin 's father ?	benny begin
what 's a treatment available for stomatitis	stomatitis
what star system is 24986 yalefan in	24986 yalefan
which religious leader was born in hatillo	hatillo
what films did king hu write ?	king hu
what movie is a short film ?	short film
which movie is deadweight featured in ?	deadweight
what 's the recorded version of rome	rome
which planetary system is solar system in	solar system
who wrote tales from the dad side	tales from the dad side
what genre is a woman´s business ?	a woman´s business
which label is roll deep signed to	roll deep
what film genre is harrison montgomery ?	harrison montgomery
name a star system in 19617 duhamel	19617 duhamel
who released the album think of me	think of me
who wrote the film brothers in arms	brothers in arms
who is a fencer born in rostov	rostov
what netflix genre is accident in ?	accident
what 's the legislative body of massachusetts	massachusetts
what is the parent concept of automorphism	automorphism
what country is the release salem from	salem
what 's an album from chris botti	chris botti
what location was ralph botting born in	ralph botting
what art forms does simone martini create	simone martini
what album is lebanon released in ?	lebanon
what games have rieko kodama designed ?	rieko kodama
what album was jesse james featured on	jesse james
which album was released by little richard	little richard
what is simon law 's gender ?	simon law
what is the ideology of sinn fein	sinn fein
what albums are by vienna philharmonic orchestra	vienna philharmonic orchestra
what is michal lavi 's job ?	michal lavi
what gameplay mode does spogs racing offer	spogs racing
what album has new wave music ?	new wave music
what is the nationality of clifford chatman	clifford chatman
what country is damon wayans from ?	damon wayans
how was ninja cuts : flexistentialism released	ninja cuts : flexistentialism
what kingdom did house of hanover rule	house of hanover
what 's a community within ventura county	ventura county
whats the name of a professional botanist	botanist
name someone who was born in manche	manche
what recording was released on sagrada familia	sagrada familia
what kind of music does comecon produce	comecon
what songs are on parallel dementia ?	parallel dementia
what 's a season from australian idol	australian idol
what is angela ruggiero 's gender ?	angela ruggiero
what books have gerald o'collins written ?	gerald o'collins
what championship did new york giants win	new york giants
which game did tt games publish ?	tt games
what artists are signed to spv gmbh	spv gmbh
who was baseball player born in knoxville	knoxville
what language is once is enough in	once is enough
what is the gender of jagz kooner	jagz kooner
what is stanley fischer 's ethnicity ?	stanley fischer
which city was rachelle wood born in	rachelle wood
which scottish philosopher was born in ecclefechan	ecclefechan
what is michio morishima 's profession ?	michio morishima
who is mount heyburn named after ?	mount heyburn
what is the legislative capital of maharashtra	maharashtra
what country gives nationality to j.c. bitzer	j.c. bitzer
which language is spoken in atlantic city	atlantic city
where was urubongs rajsombhoj 's birth place	urubongs rajsombhoj
who created the character baby jane hudson	baby jane hudson
what instruments can john ogdon play ?	john ogdon
who directed the city that never sleeps	the city that never sleeps
who was hamlin county named for ?	hamlin county
which tracks have alice cooper recorded ?	alice cooper
which country within north america houses heatherview	heatherview
what state is wadsworth-longfellow house in ?	wadsworth-longfellow house
what type of lake is llyn alaw	llyn alaw
what war was curt gallenkamp part of	curt gallenkamp
what artist is with the walkabouts ?	the walkabouts
what event took place at opis ?	opis
what is located in addison county ?	addison county
what kind of film is tornado intercept	tornado intercept
what gender does george enticknap identify as	george enticknap
what work was written by mary renault	mary renault
what country is suzan aksoy from ?	suzan aksoy
where on netflix is the movie zelig	zelig
what medical condition does deng xiaoping have	deng xiaoping
what school is within omaha public schools	omaha public schools
which music label signed the artist epica	epica
what 's an example of a song	song
what kind of film is midnight witness	midnight witness
what is shawn syms known for ?	shawn syms
what was named after john dustin archbold	john dustin archbold
what musician can play the harmonica ?	harmonica
what instrument does sufjan stevens play ?	sufjan stevens
who wrote the composition i grant you	i grant you
what is harrie massey 's nationality ?	harrie massey
what is 8816 gamow a member of	8816 gamow
which country is asian stories filmed in	asian stories
what state is sunken meadow beach within	sunken meadow beach
what album features the song julius caesar	julius caesar
which places are located in zürich ?	zürich
name characters of the male gender .	male
who recorded a devil in the woods	a devil in the woods
what type of album is the border	the border
which country was star condemn 'd released	star condemn 'd
where in paris did stanley loomis die	stanley loomis
what release is the company on ?	the company
where was john w.g. harley born ?	john w.g. harley
who is kirsten cohen 's parent ?	kirsten cohen
what is wilbert frazier 's ethncity ?	wilbert frazier
where was alan stephenson boyd given birth	alan stephenson boyd
which country is garcia de orta from	garcia de orta
what country is louis marcien marion from	louis marcien marion
which films have anthony minghella produced ?	anthony minghella
the release track inverness is from what	inverness
what physical medium was starcrossed released on	starcrossed
what language does juan f. codagnone speak	juan f. codagnone
who is the producer of road house	road house
which release contained o sole mio ?	o sole mio
is lennart sjögren male or female ?	lennart sjögren
whats the name of a studio album	studio album
which village is located in luzerne county	luzerne county
name a track off of peer pressure	peer pressure
who is the producer of sweet revenge	sweet revenge
who was involved in the moldavian–ottoman wars	moldavian–ottoman wars
what is a song by the ataris	the ataris
which country is continuum released in ?	continuum
what is the nationality of poldo bendandi	poldo bendandi
what lyrics did emily dickinson write ?	emily dickinson
what language do dalit people speak ?	dalit
where did por ella soy eva originate	por ella soy eva
thresholds was released in what format ?	thresholds
what organization was founded by lin carter	lin carter
what can guaifenesin be used to treat	guaifenesin
is essex chanel classical or experimental rock	essex chanel
which record label is jamiroquai signed to	jamiroquai
which city is located in united states	united states
where should religious society of friends worship	religious society of friends
what is the gender of shauna mullin	shauna mullin
what river is partially in illinois ?	illinois
what is suzy elkins ' nationality ?	suzy elkins
what band made hungry like the wolf	hungry like the wolf
what is grady adkins 's gender ?	grady adkins
name a person born in california .	california
what is eddie lawrence 's gender ?	eddie lawrence
what is sharon lewis 's profession ?	sharon lewis
who is the founder of red army	red army
what language is thiruvambadi thamban in ?	thiruvambadi thamban
what albums are by steve lawler ?	steve lawler
what is a subgenre of blues music	blues music
whats the book a dream deferred about	a dream deferred
what kind of album is 45:33 ?	45:33
which universe is captain barracuda from ?	captain barracuda
who is known as a trombone instrumentalist	trombone
what villages are in the united kingdom	united kingdom
which country was iwi hauraki born in	iwi hauraki
what is the single off fever called	fever
what island is in fiji time zone	fiji time zone
what time zone is lock springs in	lock springs
what country was running scared filmed in	running scared
which mountain is in adirondack high peaks	adirondack high peaks
what 's a medicine that uses cefalexin	cefalexin
what is jean-jacques challet-venel 's sex ?	jean-jacques challet-venel
what is ivan rusev 's football position	ivan rusev
what is the profession of joel jeske	joel jeske
what 's a musical film from pakistan	musical
what work is raj kapoor known for	raj kapoor
in what country was island prey filmed	island prey
what type of lake is cuicocha ?	cuicocha
what is the ethnicity of eric shinseki	eric shinseki
pearls iii is of what musical genre	pearls iii
what is john mcdonnell 's nationality ?	john mcdonnell
what 's the original version of mecca	mecca
which film did filipa césar direct ?	filipa césar
what country does chris cannon declare nationality	chris cannon
who released the album complete edition sampler	complete edition sampler
what 's the topic of the moonstone	the moonstone
what is maría fernanda sesto 's profession	maría fernanda sesto
name a composition by franz schubert .	franz schubert
what city is new town found in	new town
which position is played by mackroy peixote	mackroy peixote
what county is eqt plaza in ?	eqt plaza
what is ted bulley 's nationality ?	ted bulley
which chinese footballer was born in zibo	zibo
what is michel temer 's profession ?	michel temer
who was an influence for du fu	du fu
name an artist from the post-punk genre	post-punk
what was andrew legge 's profession ?	andrew legge
what language does zi zhongyun master ?	zi zhongyun
what is the nationality of tyshon pickett	tyshon pickett
what film is hemp revolution from ?	hemp revolution
where is the kuopio cathedral located ?	kuopio cathedral
whats the title of a short film	short film
what is jul kustus 's profession ?	jul kustus
who was born in los angeles ?	los angeles
who wrote the music for angel heart	angel heart
what kind of game is tank battalion	tank battalion
in which album is tomorrow featured on	tomorrow
where was igor kornelyuk born in ?	igor kornelyuk
which country was ji-na kim born in	ji-na kim
which artist recorded like a rolling stone	like a rolling stone
which country was gregg guenther born in	gregg guenther
what country is kagate language spoken in	kagate language
which city was alexandra cassavetes born in	alexandra cassavetes
what country was estanis gonzález from ?	estanis gonzález
where is cessions landing located at ?	cessions landing
name a character that is a ghost	ghost
what city was jpod published in ?	jpod
which islands were affected by hurricane dennis	hurricane dennis
who was influenced by friedrich nietzsche ?	friedrich nietzsche
what country created the film golden slumber	golden slumber
who is an artist under columbia records	columbia records
what disease is included with anxiety disorder	anxiety disorder
what 's an album that features dalida	album
name a work written by ray bradbury	ray bradbury
what kind of an album is metropaul	metropaul
what is the origin of armando manzanero	armando manzanero
who would be called a reggae artist	reggae
what was the origin of buddy rich	buddy rich
what kind of language film is agila	agila
what is a film by clara markowicz	clara markowicz
what books have johannes göransson written ?	johannes göransson
what genre of album is metamorpheus ?	metamorpheus
what type of program is seven swordsmen	seven swordsmen
which activism is believed by karl möckel	karl möckel
what is kadar kashmiri 's profession ?	kadar kashmiri
which area is hoonah contained by ?	hoonah
what is a protected national park ?	national park
what is jesse jagz known as ?	jesse jagz
which country is al riyadh based in	al riyadh
what is an album by richard kiley	richard kiley
who impacted the work of frankie howerd	frankie howerd
what is glenn davis 's nationality ?	glenn davis
what state was jane allen born in	jane allen
what is john elliott 's gender ?	john elliott
where is river rouge , michigan ?	river rouge , michigan
heffington is located in this country .	heffington
which langauge is the composition paris in	paris
what series is the episode cocktails from	cocktails
which book is in the genre autobiography	autobiography
what is a type of song ?	song
what position does patrick kane play ?	patrick kane
name a radioio 80s pop artist .	radioio 80s pop
what album is by alternative rock ?	alternative rock
which football position does jacob lensky play	jacob lensky
what is mike mcqueen notable for ?	mike mcqueen
what is the release track on confirmation	confirmation
which town is in new york city	new york city
what drug does mylan laboratories inc. produce	mylan laboratories inc.
what disease is treated by virology ?	virology
where was the island years released ?	the island years
who wrote one case at a time	one case at a time
name a pop singer born in tokyo	tokyo
what is the artist splint 's origin	splint
what artist released the albume live revelations	live revelations
siculiana is located in which country ?	siculiana
what movie was produced by fran drescher	fran drescher
what is the gender of gaston bachelard	gaston bachelard
whats the name of literary criticism book	literary criticism
is héctor andrés negroni male or female	héctor andrés negroni
what type of architecture is villa magna	villa magna
what is shauna grant 's profession ?	shauna grant
what is the origins of sex about	origins of sex
who was the composer for loca ?	loca
which sports teams play in south africa	south africa
what is kitty bransfield 's profession ?	kitty bransfield
what is estradiol 0.0404 patch classified as	estradiol 0.0404 patch
what nationality does massimo cannizzaro belong to	massimo cannizzaro
what instrument did neal doughty play ?	neal doughty
which country did amor mío originate in	amor mío
what is the sex of pivotal ?	pivotal
what subject is anti-aging zone written on	anti-aging zone
what language was cornfield ablaze composed in	cornfield ablaze
what mountain range is diran part of	diran
who is us artist known for photography	photography
what area is ratlam found in ?	ratlam
where is berwyn heights located at ?	berwyn heights
what music genre does spencer chamberlain perform	spencer chamberlain
what album is the song belize from	belize
what is the occupation of len spencer	len spencer
who directed `` cheyenne autumn '' ?	cheyenne autumn
what family is sirabhorn sobhon apart of	sirabhorn sobhon
what mountain is located in rangeley-stratton ?	rangeley-stratton
which nation is charlotte caffey from ?	charlotte caffey
what religion does kirk fordice ascribe to	kirk fordice
what is christopher buchholz 's nationality ?	christopher buchholz
what format is ask rufus released in	ask rufus
which lyrics did christina rossetti write ?	christina rossetti
which community is located in quay county	quay county
which country is the film showtime from	showtime
in what time zone is cres found	cres
name a large village in north yorkshire	north yorkshire
what artist plays in the indie genre	indie
mariana mantovana is in what time zone	mariana mantovana
what nation is eric lynne from ?	eric lynne
what language is speak english or live	speak english or live
name an italian journalist born in pula	pula
what are books written about asia ?	asia
name an album by king crimson .	king crimson
who is male character in yoyo hakusho	male
what music label is regurgitator with ?	regurgitator
what country filmed i dream of murder	i dream of murder
what is a song by jesse saunders	jesse saunders
what is a recording of electrolux ?	electrolux
what kind of netflix genre is crimson	crimson
what symptoms occur with persistent truncus arteriosus	persistent truncus arteriosus
what is nicolae ceaușescu 's religion ?	nicolae ceaușescu
who is the artist that recorded guide	guide
what compilation album did pantera release ?	compilation album
what position does jerry turner play ?	jerry turner
what 's an album from bob gaudio	bob gaudio
what kind of music is punk-o-rama iii	punk-o-rama iii
what is the release track on tennesee	tennesee
what 's gary sperling 's biological sex	gary sperling
what is the nationality of ralph jean-louis	ralph jean-louis
what artist is with rca records ?	rca records
who is the artist on the geometrid	the geometrid
what position does joe reed play ?	joe reed
what time zone is livorno ferraris in	livorno ferraris
which artist perform the genre experimental rock	experimental rock
who is the author of kenya ?	kenya
what is sola abolaji 's nationality ?	sola abolaji
which album is sweet little sixteen from	sweet little sixteen
what kind of book is the target	the target
which genre of music does hitomi make	hitomi
which country created the film good night	good night
what type of movie is black angel	black angel
which city did jacobus de voragine die	jacobus de voragine
what is the gender of dave bassett	dave bassett
what kind of show is westerplatte ?	westerplatte
what netflix genre does driftwood belong to	driftwood
what country is nina söderquist from ?	nina söderquist
what sport is fredericia hk famous for	fredericia hk
what is joe kennedy 's gender ?	joe kennedy
what is a song by t.i. ?	t.i.
what season is the episode argentina from	argentina
what is an example of a volcano	volcano
what country is house of tolerance from	house of tolerance
which track is produced by the ataris	the ataris
what country is the blind goddess from	the blind goddess
what types of music is baadasssss cinema	baadasssss cinema
what instrument does nikolai lugansky play on	nikolai lugansky
which european country is sweet revenge from	sweet revenge
what is a satire television show ?	satire
who made the recording auf dem gletscher	auf dem gletscher
what football player was born in singapore	singapore
how was piano concerto no. 2 released	piano concerto no. 2
what country is paw paw in ?	paw paw
what 's a song by butch walker	song
what is a city in auglaize county	auglaize county
what is the birthplace of joël vanhoebrouck	joël vanhoebrouck
what is rob moretti 's job ?	rob moretti
who 's a country musician from america	country
what kind of website is rpgnet ?	rpgnet
what is mike bullock 's nationality ?	mike bullock
what is martin buber known for being	martin buber
what is jessie small most famous for	jessie small
what song is in bridge to terabithia	bridge to terabithia
what tracks are on set it off	set it off
where is shirantha goonatilake 's death place	shirantha goonatilake
what company is the invisible with ?	the invisible
what 's the recorded version of madagascar	madagascar
which stage of development is xyrem in	xyrem
what is sören link 's nationality ?	sören link
what is peter wilby 's religion ?	peter wilby
who is paydirt pete the mascot for	paydirt pete
what genre does the undecided perform in	the undecided
what work is about epic film ?	epic film
where is the artist juju from ?	juju
which country did bob sherman die in	bob sherman
what genre is the album 4 songs	4 songs
what language does gena rowlands speak ?	gena rowlands
which city was dei holdings inc founded	dei holdings inc
what book did jack london publish ?	jack london
who is a mutant in marvel comics	mutant
who is the artist of the foundation	the foundation
what is darian weiss ' gender ?	darian weiss
forever more is what kind of album	forever more
where in nevada did ted quillin die	ted quillin
what is an administrative division in somalia	somalia
what is chris berkenkamp 's gender identity	chris berkenkamp
what is the occupation of roope siren	roope siren
what type of game is lode runner	lode runner
who is the producer of lackawanna blues	lackawanna blues
what show is robin williams from ?	robin williams
what types of game is plaque attack	plaque attack
what is the origin of mélissa m	mélissa m
whats an artist that makes baroque pop	baroque pop
what video game genre is iron man	iron man
which track is produced by snoop dogg	snoop dogg
where in china did zhang juzheng die	zhang juzheng
what genre on netflix is ritual path	ritual path
what job is roy mack famous for	roy mack
who directed boss of bullion city ?	boss of bullion city
what is a drug with cherry flavor	cherry
where did erik gustaf boström pass away	erik gustaf boström
what 's a work by philip roth	philip roth
what position did ben stephens play ?	ben stephens
what genre does graf orlock perform ?	graf orlock
what is a county in northern ireland	northern ireland
what is cesky terrier 's temperance ?	cesky terrier
what lyrics have alan jay lerner written	alan jay lerner
what is a song by jerry leiber	jerry leiber
what is the genre of the phoenix	the phoenix
what gender does poghos galstyan identify with	poghos galstyan
what star system is 10479 yiqunchen in	10479 yiqunchen
in what language is long live sung	long live
which bridge is a covered bridge ?	covered bridge
is el rapto from mexico or brazil	el rapto
who recorded the album titled the voice	the voice
who was dawes point battery named after	dawes point battery
who is a child of bridget fonda	bridget fonda
what country gives nationality to gennadi styopushkin	gennadi styopushkin
what is a book about slavery ?	slavery
name an album done by dolly parton	dolly parton
what type of radio station is kzym	kzym
what is a japanese animation tv show	animation
what netflix genre is the title santiago	santiago
what platform was 7 sins released on	7 sins
what label is sanremo rock signed to	sanremo rock
what publisher released singstar vol. 2 ?	singstar vol. 2
what marvel character did gene colan create	gene colan
who is a child of deloris peoples	deloris peoples
what is a 2008 indie film ?	indie film
what is a county located in woolsthorpe-by-colsterworth	woolsthorpe-by-colsterworth
what is ernest jay 's nationality ?	ernest jay
what ability does majin buu have ?	majin buu
what diet does apple sauce follow ?	apple sauce
which book series does oy appear in	oy
what release has the track anger management	anger management
what 's a release from bryn jones	bryn jones
what is associated in german expressionism ?	german expressionism
what is the sex of victor zotov	victor zotov
who edited the book coast to coast	coast to coast
what is the nationality of shaun michelle	shaun michelle
what is a track made by cassetteboy	cassetteboy
where in italy is liguria located ?	liguria
what program is under the drama genre	drama
which city was vesa enne born ?	vesa enne
which specific ingredient is used for naproxen	naproxen
what bridge goes over the industrial canal	industrial canal
titanium dioxide contains what active ingredient ?	titanium dioxide
what is tariq ibn ziyad 's profession	tariq ibn ziyad
which county is tribes hill located in	tribes hill
who is the daughter of muhammad ali	muhammad ali
where was son of frankenstein filmed ?	son of frankenstein
what type of film is david magee	david magee
in what country is high knob located	high knob
what language does a filipino canadian speak	filipino canadian
which nation is hunan located in ?	hunan
which musician plays the electronic keyboard ?	electronic keyboard
what kind of movie is the backyard	the backyard
what language is social briars spoken in	social briars
what kind of animal is samantha miss	samantha miss
name someone who plays as a defender	defender
which country did alfredo kraus die in	alfredo kraus
what license does free trade areas hold	free trade areas
which gender does ramunė kudzmanaitė belong to	ramunė kudzmanaitė
what kind of release is dancemania party	dancemania party
what profession does daniel dennett have ?	daniel dennett
what country is don 's plum from	don 's plum
who was the author of forrest gump	forrest gump
what is chris antonini 's profession ?	chris antonini
where is the belfast castle located ?	belfast castle
who has interment in mount hope cemetery	mount hope cemetery
what kind of movie is jubilee bunt-a-thon	jubilee bunt-a-thon
in what language is 8:28 am spoken	8:28 am
what position does václav němeček play ?	václav němeček
which movie is designed by mary-lou storey	mary-lou storey
what is a kind of album ?	album
what color is antacid 500 chewable tablet	antacid 500 chewable tablet
how was all 6s and 7s released	all 6s and 7s
what books are by evelyn waugh ?	evelyn waugh
which city was john gilbert born in	john gilbert
where is the film carnival day from	carnival day
which recording contains the track complication ?	complication
what is robert malone 's gender ?	robert malone
what is the gender of lois yaroshefsky	lois yaroshefsky
which style is louis armet known for	louis armet
is pflum orsolya a male or female	pflum orsolya
what album had the release cruisin '	cruisin '
which romantic comedy did david bromberg write	david bromberg
what is football position of jamal reynolds	jamal reynolds
name someone who died from respiratory failure	respiratory failure
who is a notable person from davenport	davenport
where did gary r. saxonhouse die ?	gary r. saxonhouse
how was all i ever wanted released	all i ever wanted
which genre of film is centennial ?	centennial
which italian city did majorian die in	majorian
what kind of film is the hitchhiker	the hitchhiker
what position does jean-joël perrier-doumbé play ?	jean-joël perrier-doumbé
what is a treatment to bacillary dysentery	bacillary dysentery
where did tommy viera originate from ?	tommy viera
what are some ambient music albums ?	ambient music
what 's a known temple in indonesia	temple
what 's a tourist attraction in annecy	annecy
who is a person born in manhattan	manhattan
in what time zone is pusztaederics located	pusztaederics
what kind of bollywod movie is manmadhan	manmadhan
which film was written by victoria wood	victoria wood
name a book published by disney hyperion	hyperion
which language was used in painful maturity	painful maturity
which area does the munich s-bahn serve	munich s-bahn
which country is laguna de bay in	laguna de bay
what subject is the film secretariat about	secretariat
which basketball position does hilton armstrong play	hilton armstrong
which county was mike ingham born ?	mike ingham
what country is the idiot box from	the idiot box
what city did dimitris panayiotatos originate from	dimitris panayiotatos
where was miss america 1940 held ?	miss america 1940
what is the media type of celts	celts
what music genre is live and kicking	live and kicking
what genre is the album portrait ?	portrait
what forest is deer mountain in ?	deer mountain
what country is robert s. corrington from	robert s. corrington
what is the active ingredient in fondaparinux	fondaparinux
what instrument does ashwin sood play ?	ashwin sood
idris phillips follows this major religion .	idris phillips
where did the woodland period take place	woodland period
which european country is bredon hill in	bredon hill
is douglas arvid wester male or female	douglas arvid wester
what company published the game battlestar galactica	battlestar galactica
what religion does michel de montaigne practice	michel de montaigne
what 's a song from josey scott	josey scott
what books are about ball game ?	ball game
where in california did jimmie adams die	jimmie adams
what song is by nicholas payton ?	nicholas payton
what country was benjamin mcconnell born in	benjamin mcconnell
where was night and day released ?	night and day
which religion does dean h. kenyon practice	dean h. kenyon
what themes does william appleman williams cover	william appleman williams
what 's a metalcore studio album ?	studio album
what kind of film is madara ?	madara
in what language is the film archangel	archangel
what types of movie is ghost mine	ghost mine
which conflict did jonathan paton participate ?	jonathan paton
what is chendy leon , jr. nationality	chendy leon , jr.
what city uses central european time zone	central european time zone
where would the poehlman house be located	poehlman house
what type of movie is freeze frame	freeze frame
what is the genre of dj darkzone	dj darkzone
whats the title of bz20 's album	bz20
luciano vincenzoni died of what disease ?	luciano vincenzoni
what music genre is sub rosa ?	sub rosa
what are releases by atlantic records ?	atlantic records
what county is gardner a part of	gardner
who is a child of thomas chittenden	thomas chittenden
what books have robin moore written ?	robin moore
what book is a fantasy genre ?	fantasy
what is carmine coppola 's nationality ?	carmine coppola
where did frederick louis of württemberg-winnental die	frederick louis of württemberg-winnental
where was she 's the man released	she 's the man
name a rock album by david bowie	rock
is soka afrika from france or spain	soka afrika
which episode was directed by jon amiel	jon amiel
what is gretchen berg 's birth place	gretchen berg
which compositions did frederick barthelme compose ?	frederick barthelme
what genre is life gamble in netflix	life gamble
what is the genre of son epouse	son epouse
where is the movie el greco from	el greco
which release is the track us in	us
what is a historical fiction film ?	historical fiction
what 's an example of a star	star
what is joie ray 's nationality ?	joie ray
what did will eisner die from ?	will eisner
what platform is atari 2600 on ?	atari 2600
which language is the killing featured in	the killing
which college is located in australia ?	australia
what city did david hawthorne die in	david hawthorne
what style of music is steve grand	steve grand
what is a track from fantasy ?	fantasy
who is a parent of rosemary kennedy	rosemary kennedy
what is a track by edward shearmur	edward shearmur
what movie category is mad jack in	mad jack
what offensive position does dominic samuel play	dominic samuel
what kind of video game is scaler	scaler
what album is timothy a part of	timothy
in which conflict did alan smith participate	alan smith
where was razame de la crackers born	razame de la crackers
what genre of book is american beauty	american beauty
what type of music is organ thieves	organ thieves
name a university in the united states	united states
what sports does derryl cousins play ?	derryl cousins
what format was happy hanukkah released as	happy hanukkah
where is telese terme located at ?	telese terme
what was priscilla ahn 's first album	priscilla ahn
what movie genre is force of arms	force of arms
what area is located in united kingdom	united kingdom
which country was ondřej soukup born in	ondřej soukup
what is andrei malyukov 's profession ?	andrei malyukov
what label signed the band the zombies	the zombies
whats the name of a basketball team	basketball
which nation was moses malone born into	moses malone
what drug was marketed by cyanocobalamin ?	cyanocobalamin
which city did les keiter pass away	les keiter
what is a song by harco pront	harco pront
what company published the game aleste 2	aleste 2
who is nia long 's child ?	nia long
what album is part of instrumental genre	instrumental
dennis hale recorded under what music label	dennis hale
which football position does daniel ivanovski play	daniel ivanovski
what is james cook 's profession ?	james cook
what is the gender of michael williams	michael williams
what genre does anna bergendahl perform ?	anna bergendahl
name an adventure book by douglas adams	adventure
what is jerry e. hinshaw 's gender	jerry e. hinshaw
what was the primary release of aquemini	aquemini
where was brian wayne peterson born ?	brian wayne peterson
what city did andrzej przybielski come from	andrzej przybielski
in which country is mursley located ?	mursley
which composition is written by joe walsh	joe walsh
what is sarah hill 's profession ?	sarah hill
which language is total drama filmed in	total drama
who is a character from elf ?	elf
who is the manufacturer of ariane 5	ariane 5
what album features the track instant delivery	instant delivery
what time zone is hanley hills in	hanley hills
what is a geographical attraction in kiama	kiama
what 's a compilation album featuring inti-illimani	compilation album
what kind of tv show is wordgirl	wordgirl
who is a child of richard wagner	richard wagner
who was influenced by dr. demento ?	dr. demento
who was born in pasadena , california	pasadena , california
what film genre is laugh clown laugh	laugh clown laugh
whats the name of university in ohio	ohio
what label is jack frost signed to	jack frost
what us state is watervale located ?	watervale
what country is john henry kreitler from	john henry kreitler
what is alex grass reason for dying	alex grass
what is a track on georgia ?	georgia
what city was ghyslaine côté born ?	ghyslaine côté
what is tommy flowers 's nationality ?	tommy flowers
which hampton was kyle haynes born in	kyle haynes
what release is argentina a part of	argentina
what religion does rainn wilson practice ?	rainn wilson
what country is rye brook in ?	rye brook
which album is created by air supply	air supply
which city is man man from ?	man man
what is debbie bledsoe 's gender ?	debbie bledsoe
which label is created by robin pecknold	robin pecknold
what is the temperament of the dachshund	dachshund
name a track released by deep purple	deep purple
what is a song performed by amnesia	amnesia
where was in the zone first released	in the zone
what composition was done by l.a. reid	l.a. reid
what is anu hassan 's nationality ?	anu hassan
who is the father of celine garrel	celine garrel
what event happened in 2012 in chennai	chennai
what character is from the mutant species	mutant
which royalty died of a brain tumor	brain tumor
name a track off the release chandelle	chandelle
what disaster was max ament killed in	max ament
what was influenced by françois-rené de chateaubriand	françois-rené de chateaubriand
what films has shyam prasad reddy produced	shyam prasad reddy
what movement is demonstrated in prozopoeme ?	prozopoeme
what is the county that encompasses deltona	deltona
what religion is sakya apart of ?	sakya
what county is ham lake found in	ham lake
is cibola high school public or private	cibola high school
who is the parent of salman khan	salman khan
what style of painting is the proposition	the proposition
what type of school is universitas terbuka	universitas terbuka
who produced the recording beyond the mirage	beyond the mirage
which ruler was born in beijing ?	beijing
what genre film is anthuleni katha ?	anthuleni katha
who is a child of michael mckean	michael mckean
rocky mountains is part of which album	rocky mountains
how did james morgan , jr. die	james morgan , jr.
what country is gold angel vol.15 from	gold angel vol.15
where in space is 4741 leskov located	4741 leskov
which case was michael mchugh on judge	michael mchugh
what is the capital of veraguas province	veraguas province
is peter sheridan a male or female	peter sheridan
what is the gender of betsy eby	betsy eby
where was uri regev born in ?	uri regev
what team plays at the docklands stadium	docklands stadium
name a film directed by dan turner	dan turner
what is the title track on kiribati	kiribati
who is a character in les miserables	les miserables
what is stevie wonder 's gender ?	stevie wonder
what position does francesco carratta play ?	francesco carratta
who was a person born in ljubljana	ljubljana
what label is steve lambke signed with	steve lambke
what movie did jacques tati direct ?	jacques tati
where was norman j. wildberger born ?	norman j. wildberger
is primary rock music or classical music	primary
what language is bedwin hacker in ?	bedwin hacker
name a track by artist gustav mahler	gustav mahler
what production company worked on strange triangle	strange triangle
what college is located in coimbatore ?	coimbatore
where in illinois was timothy davlin born	timothy davlin
who died from the electric chair ?	electric chair
name a person born in middlesbrough .	middlesbrough
what language is in the film wishology	wishology
what is a town in montgomery county	montgomery county
what baseball position did shinya tsuruoka play	shinya tsuruoka
what is francis veber 's profession ?	francis veber
who was involved with second seminole war	second seminole war
what position does willis reed play ?	willis reed
what sport does steve deberg participate in	steve deberg
which science fiction book won an award	science fiction
who released the album a1 in 2013	a1
what 's a regiment based in maine	regiment
what type of album is laptop symphony	laptop symphony
which city is located in united states	united states
where did michel adanson 's life end	michel adanson
what is evey hammond best known for	evey hammond
what genre is duel in the sun	duel in the sun
what is the ryan adams book about	ryan adams
what occupation is nicolae crețulescu known for	nicolae crețulescu
what is michael kilian 's profession ?	michael kilian
what type of music does atomic write	atomic
what 's the active ingredient of dexamethasone	dexamethasone
what is the gender of rosemary mckenna	rosemary mckenna
name a film that is about creampie	creampie
what film genre is scarlet days ?	scarlet days
who was the composer of star wars	star wars
what label does gerald toto belong to	gerald toto
who sings the song can u believe	can u believe
what is the ethnicity of abe vigoda	abe vigoda
what city was josh magennis born in	josh magennis
what band produce the album buck owens	buck owens
which country was stephanie umoh born in	stephanie umoh
name a track by the artist low	low
what is andré siegfried 's written works	andré siegfried
what is nick rolovich role in football	nick rolovich
what conflict did cyrus hamlin participate in	cyrus hamlin
what is pavilion of women about ?	pavilion of women
which star system is 9218 ishiikazuo in	9218 ishiikazuo
what is kim ki-young known for ?	kim ki-young
which track is in half nelson ?	half nelson
what country is simaa language spoken in	simaa language
who died from a myocardial infarction ?	myocardial infarction
what fictional character has len wein created	len wein
which country was mount redfield located in	mount redfield
what kind of book is mystery walk	mystery walk
what movie is directed by shinichiro watanabe	shinichiro watanabe
what 's a book about mikhail gorbachev	mikhail gorbachev
which release is in the recording memphis	memphis
which county is hassan township located in	hassan township
what town was yuliya vetlova born in	yuliya vetlova
is lakeland high school public or private	lakeland high school
what genre is the album bridge considered	bridge
what is barcelona a notable example of	barcelona
what is jeremy shatzel 's nationality ?	jeremy shatzel
what is a release of star called	star
what does sebastjan cimirotič play in soccer	sebastjan cimirotič
what songs did willie dixon compose ?	willie dixon
what is the soundtrack of star wars	star wars
what country was hanamaru kindergarten released in	hanamaru kindergarten
which music artist released the recording freestyle	freestyle
what country created the film sri ramadasu	sri ramadasu
which manga is part of death note	death note
where did mehmed iii pass away ?	mehmed iii
which instrument does andrea corr play ?	andrea corr
what country uses the postal code 94541	94541
what type of company is viacom ?	viacom
what companies are in the petroleum industry	petroleum industry
what is chris akins 's nationality ?	chris akins
what kind of video game is deathspank	deathspank
what gender is raj singh arora ?	raj singh arora
is jars an ep or a single	jars
who is someone born in des moines	des moines
where was iván vilchis ibarra born ?	iván vilchis ibarra
what language is the cleopatras in ?	the cleopatras
what is frank hafner 's gender ?	frank hafner
where is rivadavia department , buenos aires	rivadavia department , buenos aires
what country is zsuzsa mányai from ?	zsuzsa mányai
what label is illinois jacquet apart of	illinois jacquet
what film was written by jay mcinerney	jay mcinerney
which gender is gustaf molander affiliated with	gustaf molander
what book genre is the mansion ?	the mansion
what is vaginismus the parent disease to	vaginismus
what is the release type of barrett	barrett
what type of film is road wars	road wars
what is macanese language an example of	macanese language
what is christopher coe 's birthplace ?	christopher coe
where was the birthplace of malcolm crosby	malcolm crosby
who is a parent of kim novak	kim novak
what is the gender of pau teixidor	pau teixidor
what is the release type of mobilize	mobilize
name a work written by william blake	william blake
which conflict was aleksandr vasilevsky involved in	aleksandr vasilevsky
in which album is neptune featured on	neptune
which female scientist was born in paris	paris
is scooby doo or antologia an album	album
what is the classification of cannibal suburbia	cannibal suburbia
what is herman daly 's profession ?	herman daly
what country was splitting hares shot in	splitting hares
who was todd proebsting revered by ?	todd proebsting
who was a child of evelyn ward	evelyn ward
what is a track from barry bonds	barry bonds
what time zone is kingston in ?	kingston
what 's a track from dawn escapes	dawn escapes
what is a journal about human biology	human biology
where did hans ritter von lex die	hans ritter von lex
which label is mary byrne signed to	mary byrne
what licence is needed for main street	main street
what is the subject of legends lake	legends lake
which films was kathryn lasky credited on	kathryn lasky
which eastern european country is letenye in	letenye
what medium was under earth released on	under earth
where in italy is golasecca located ?	golasecca
which radio station plays rock music ?	rock music
what film genre is osuto classified as	osuto
what is daniel pesina 's profession ?	daniel pesina
what 's a town in cullman county	cullman county
what profession does john jesurun hold ?	john jesurun
who is the director of adoration ?	adoration
what village is in british columbia ?	british columbia
which album was created by joan baez	joan baez
what album is the song brasilia on	brasilia
what building did john macarthur design ?	john macarthur
what fictional character did charles band create	charles band
who created the fictional character anton arcane	anton arcane
what defensive position does tra boger play	tra boger
what track is from the red piano	the red piano
which artist recorded there is a flower	there is a flower
who directed the tv series episode golf	golf
where is ed earl repp from ?	ed earl repp
what is the occupation of hans krása	hans krása
what is the subject of silent spring	silent spring
what religion is bhagavad gita important for	bhagavad gita
who owns the radio station wlif ?	wlif
what philosopher is associated with 20th-century philosophy	20th-century philosophy
what is robert leuci famous for being	robert leuci
who was the publisher for briar rose	briar rose
who directed the film john and mary	john and mary
what 's a preschool in hong kong	preschool
what film did shane black write ?	shane black
which album was created by nina simone	nina simone
which recent console is hanjuku hero on	hanjuku hero
what is the format of glass ?	glass
who is the namesake of theodore stevens	theodore stevens
what rank of organism classification is aphelocoma	aphelocoma
which timezone is morrowville located in ?	morrowville
what type of book is boardwalk bust	boardwalk bust
what is the genre of sweet kisses	sweet kisses
what position does matthieu bemba play ?	matthieu bemba
who manufactures midol 200 liquid filled capsule	midol 200 liquid filled capsule
what is the name of a song	song
what is ivan aivazovsky 's ethnicity ?	ivan aivazovsky
who did the production design on stroke	stroke
what is the religion of james spigelman	james spigelman
what is a work by memphis minnie	memphis minnie
which city was franja košenini born in	franja košenini
what kind of movie is green snake	green snake
what release is by dr. luke ?	dr. luke
which time zone is strumica located in	strumica
what is otto schultz 's birth place	otto schultz
which film was written by shiraz ahmed	shiraz ahmed
what is chris hass 's gender ?	chris hass
where did they discover 8970 islandica ?	8970 islandica
what is an american rock music band	rock music
who produced the film a sailor-made man	a sailor-made man
what is the record label of afi	afi
where was the birthplace of fiona dwyer	fiona dwyer
what is an english literature book ?	english literature
what is sergei yuran 's gender ?	sergei yuran
what is a track from kirsten flagstad	kirsten flagstad
what album plays the planet song ?	planet
what 's a character killed by achilles	achilles
what city was cristiano araújo born in	cristiano araújo
what format was poinciana released in ?	poinciana
what track is from ultra naté ?	ultra naté
how did wilson dos santos die ?	wilson dos santos
which country was sandipan chattopadhyay born in	sandipan chattopadhyay
which artists are pop music artists ?	pop music
what is an album released in tokyo	tokyo
what is located in nuevo leon ?	nuevo leon
what is a city in essex county	essex county
what 's a southeastern conference basketball team	southeastern conference
what is nigel levine 's gender ?	nigel levine
which ethnic group includes the han chinese	han chinese
what kind of film is gheseye pariya	gheseye pariya
what 's an example of canvas art	canvas
what is the profession didier rousselet ?	didier rousselet
what 's an example of mobile voip	mobile voip
what language does a palestinian american speak	palestinian american
whats an artist signed under pias recordings	pias recordings
what is metroid fusion 's soundtrack ?	metroid fusion
what genre is the book blood rites	blood rites
who is a male character in moneyball	male
where is trondheim airport , værnes ?	trondheim airport , værnes
which language do the chilean american speak	chilean american
who was a child of michael shanks	michael shanks
who directed let 's go to prison	let 's go to prison
what type of school is bishop rawstorne	bishop rawstorne
what person played defender in football ?	defender
what tracks are included on i am…	i am…
is rolando navarrete female or male ?	rolando navarrete
what soccer position does jacques tioye play	jacques tioye
what gender is tibor péter banai ?	tibor péter banai
what kind of movie is shanghai ghetto	shanghai ghetto
what type of game is vagrant story	vagrant story
in what language is family portrait spoken	family portrait
where was a barbershop christmas released ?	a barbershop christmas
what language is spoken in gibraltar ?	gibraltar
what 's an example of a regiment	regiment
what kind of release is mr. excitement	mr. excitement
is ajahn chah a man or woman	ajahn chah
what is one of tintin 's books	tintin
what is the marketed formulation of amikacin	amikacin
what language is the song speed ?	speed
what is daniel haglund 's gender ?	daniel haglund
what is the nationality of clarence griffin	clarence griffin
which language is part of niger–congo languages	niger–congo languages
what work has meteorology as its subject	meteorology
what religion does charles edward stuart practice	charles edward stuart
what position did yacine slatni play ?	yacine slatni
which country does steven kaplan identify with	steven kaplan
which european country is beverley cross from	beverley cross
which musician produced symphonies 68 , 93-104	symphonies 68 , 93-104
what 's a municipality in the netherlands	the netherlands
what is adrian legg 's gender ?	adrian legg
what is a song by the osmonds	the osmonds
what album was the wolf released from	the wolf
what country is the rage filmed in	the rage
what mythical creature appears in chinese mythology	chinese mythology
what is the gender of elisabeth pinajeff	elisabeth pinajeff
what release is the track knowing from	knowing
where is the birthplace of roni stoneman	roni stoneman
whats the position that mike holovak plays	mike holovak
what type of music is buckethead ?	buckethead
where did mrs. charles craig die ?	mrs. charles craig
what 's a book written on france	france
which artist participated in the recording europa	europa
who was the developer for majin tensei	majin tensei
what genre is the computer videogame malice	malice
where is the film reality from ?	reality
what kind of vehicle is 87 cosburn	87 cosburn
which famous city is julius evola from	julius evola
what language is spoken in women prison	women prison
where did arthur lionel pugh norrington die	arthur lionel pugh norrington
what artist is known for pop music	pop music
what is judith hall 's profession ?	judith hall
what kind of book is psycho ?	psycho
in which album is blow featured on	blow
who is a person of mestizo ethnicity	mestizo
which county is buckner a part of	buckner
who directed the theater production of hamlet	hamlet
what format is clement kontra in ?	clement kontra
what is thomas tallis 's career ?	thomas tallis
who developed the software internet explorer 10	internet explorer 10
what 's a track recorded for razorbliss	razorbliss
where did john didion pass away in	john didion
what country created the film nothing personal	nothing personal
what album was stay released with ?	stay
what country is nasir lamine from ?	nasir lamine
which album is dance-pop by the cars	dance-pop
what is a song featured on europe	europe
which city is winfield house based in	winfield house
what 's the name of an album	album
what type of book is ice hunt	ice hunt
which movie festival contains art and apathy	art and apathy
what is the color of yuba college	yuba college
which religion does hugo egon balder practice	hugo egon balder
which star system is 1490 limpopo in	1490 limpopo
who published the videogame star wars ?	star wars
who was a politician in madagascar ?	politician
where is james small originally from ?	james small
what tracks are on bulletproof brass ?	bulletproof brass
what film did mahesh bhatt produce ?	mahesh bhatt
what village is located in gratiot county	gratiot county
which artist created a celebration of duke	a celebration of duke
what is steve james 's profession ?	steve james
who is the artist of fantasia ?	fantasia
what is a alternative rock compilation album	alternative rock
what sort of work does efd do	efd
what amusement park is found in wassenaar	wassenaar
which festival was the cameraman shown at	the cameraman
what state is jordan park in ?	jordan park
what city can be found in israel	israel
name someone who is a male character	male
which italian city was niccolò castiglioni born	niccolò castiglioni
name a person born in egypt .	egypt
what label signed the artist vazquez sounds	vazquez sounds
what 's a song featured on erotica	erotica
what is kendra wilkinson 's ethnicity ?	kendra wilkinson
which position did ty taubenheim play ?	ty taubenheim
what country is william l. kraushaar from	william l. kraushaar
what album did the appleseed cast create	the appleseed cast
what is the active ingredient in isoflurane	isoflurane
what 's an album from deep purple	deep purple
what song is by razed in black	razed in black
what is vernon tomlin 's gender ?	vernon tomlin
what medium was now released as ?	now
what 's a popular open world game	open world game
what kind of film is home invasion	home invasion
which film did arnon milchan produce ?	arnon milchan
what type of album is rancho texicano	rancho texicano
whats the name of a public school	public school
how was alexis korner blues released ?	alexis korner blues
what is max gerson 's medical specialty	max gerson
what genre of music is yael yuzon	yael yuzon
does carlos alomar play guitar or drums	carlos alomar
what is a song by hector ?	hector
which football player was born in scotland	scotland
what instruments does tim lambesis play ?	tim lambesis
what game was held at yankee stadium	yankee stadium
what is an anime action tv program	action
name a person born in boston .	boston
what is the nationality of pauline bush	pauline bush
what is a book by irving berlin	irving berlin
who directed the film hot and bothered	hot and bothered
where is free polish university located ?	free polish university
what kind of music is 4 ?	4
what is the name of a star	star
the album democracy was what musical genre	democracy
where did roy m. davenport die ?	roy m. davenport
what is a neighborhood of hilltop green	hilltop green
who is the publisher of total carnage	total carnage
which religion did william furneaux belong to	william furneaux
what is a track of the island	the island
who produced jackie brown ( film )	jackie brown
what type of album is white sands	white sands
which country does dany saadia belong to	dany saadia
what county and state is holloway from	holloway
what is max merkel 's nationality ?	max merkel
what type of album is requiem ?	requiem
name a person born in chicago .	chicago
which state is oskaloosa township located in	oskaloosa township
what is a silent film from 1927	silent film
who produced the recording blood and fire	blood and fire
where was mr music hits 1992-5 released	mr music hits 1992-5
what type of release is bad channels	bad channels
what 's a marketed formulation of menthol	menthol
what is the release track on twilight	twilight
what county is sandy balls near ?	sandy balls
what netflix genre is coming distractions ?	coming distractions
what is sandy herd 's position ?	sandy herd
where in the us is fontana located	fontana
what type of release is hypnotize ?	hypnotize
what 's akbar tandjung 's ethnicity	akbar tandjung
what did carolyn s. shoemaker discover	carolyn s. shoemaker
who produced the film woodstock villa	woodstock villa
who created the typeface chicago ?	chicago
what is a track on carpenter	carpenter
who is the creator of loud	loud
who was born in aguascalientes ?	aguascalientes
what is angie estes 's profession	angie estes
where was held for british columbia	british columbia
what kind of release was collection	collection
who was also born in jakarta	jakarta
which city did linn phillips die	linn phillips
which city is mccormick field in	mccormick field
what area does petawawa airport serve	petawawa airport
what is passover fever movie about	passover fever
in what county is monango found	monango
what types of movie is window	window
which characters appear in preview ?	preview
what did fred schwarz write ?	fred schwarz
whose music is in tuesday ?	tuesday
what book genre is lazarus rising	lazarus rising
which films has leonid gaidai written	leonid gaidai
what is leonard stein 's profession	leonard stein
which language family contains gweda language	gweda language
who was influenced by martin amis	martin amis
what is malverne known as ?	malverne
what state is cleghorn located in	cleghorn
what is the subject of news	news
what kind of music is kamchatka	kamchatka
what type of film is avocados	avocados
what mountain is a stratovolcano ?	stratovolcano
what drugs has boiron manufactured ?	boiron
what industry is midwest airlines in	midwest airlines
what is home of the brave	home of the brave
which county is nevada located in	nevada
which country is mark kramer from	mark kramer
what language is spoke in lenny	lenny
where was kelly deadmon born ?	kelly deadmon
where was michael finnissy born ?	michael finnissy
who signed on antônio carlos jobim	antônio carlos jobim
what war was thomas whitham in	thomas whitham
what does 13062 podarkes orbit ?	13062 podarkes
who recorded and i love her	and i love her
name a quiet dog breed .	quiet
where is rick barrio dill from	rick barrio dill
what kind of music comprises 4×4=12	4×4=12
name an advisee of murray gell-mann	murray gell-mann
where did hans dally die ?	hans dally
of what nationality is ken mcgoogan	ken mcgoogan
which films have steve perry directed	steve perry
what universe does neutron appear in	neutron
name an ingredient allowed in veganism	veganism
what drug did john lennon use	john lennon
whats the architectural style of webbley	webbley
what produced the movie java head	java head
who edited the film cleopatra ?	cleopatra
how does insulin resistance formulate ?	insulin resistance
who 's the producer of matewan	matewan
which song did vic chesnutt write	vic chesnutt
what country released the film cube	cube
what does the 16007 kaasalainen orbit	16007 kaasalainen
what is enno lerian 's gender	enno lerian
who directed woody meets davy crewcut	woody meets davy crewcut
where was allison hayes born ?	allison hayes
who directed the film the congress	the congress
where was looking for simon filmed	looking for simon
what drug does astrazeneca manufacture ?	astrazeneca
which release has the recording closer	closer
who is of the indian people	indian people
who is paul reubens 's father	paul reubens
who produced enter the dru ?	enter the dru
what company published nascar 07 ?	nascar 07
which country was marion carpenter born	marion carpenter
what was written by duane swierczynski	duane swierczynski
who directed the film darling lili	darling lili
which country is andrew thorndike from	andrew thorndike
what kind of horse was anabaa	anabaa
where did vic frazier die ?	vic frazier
what flavor is commit 2 lozenge	commit 2 lozenge
what is petrolatum 0.568 lotion ?	petrolatum 0.568 lotion
what television genre is sherlock ?	sherlock
what indie film featured fatty arbuckle	indie film
what is katie lintner 's gender	katie lintner
which actor was born in denver	denver
where is philippe delorme from ?	philippe delorme
where was gail harris born ?	gail harris
what position does bernie graham play	bernie graham
what area is ohakune found in	ohakune
which country is patricia wood from	patricia wood
is dilip doley male or female	dilip doley
which position does ray lewis play	ray lewis
what language is pati parmeshwar in	pati parmeshwar
which song is part of freestyle	freestyle
where was harvey lowe given birth	harvey lowe
what is ceftazidime used to treat	ceftazidime
where did laila ghofran come from	laila ghofran
the donald community is located where	donald
who composed the song rich girl	rich girl
who was born in bellingham ?	bellingham
what is dave henderson ethnicity ?	dave henderson
what 's a city in germany	germany
what does 9975 takimotokoso orbit ?	9975 takimotokoso
which city did carl-alfred schumacher die	carl-alfred schumacher
which city was gail davis born	gail davis
what album is owensboro from ?	owensboro
which lyricist composed sweet little baby	sweet little baby
what country is porsuk river in	porsuk river
what is hayley kiyoko 's ethnicity	hayley kiyoko
what would be called speculative fiction	speculative fiction
which drama film from 1967 ?	drama film
what country is plötzensee located in	plötzensee
where was the origin of seti	seti
which release is fantasy off of	fantasy
where was harold gore 's birthplace	harold gore
which forest is fires creek in	fires creek
is ricardo delgado male of female	ricardo delgado
what gender is john paul rice	john paul rice
where did archie maclaren pass away	archie maclaren
what type of music is bravebird	bravebird
what netflix genre is tempest ?	tempest
what position does karsten smith play	karsten smith
what is ville vänni 's gender	ville vänni
what type of character is bernard	bernard
who composed beneath the howling stars	beneath the howling stars
what was the outsiders written about	the outsiders
what was weaselfur 's ranking ?	weaselfur
who did zeno of elea influence	zeno of elea
what country does mike altieri represent	mike altieri
who produced the song poison arrows	poison arrows
what subject is portrayed in 2012	2012
who is an italian midfielder ?	midfielder
where was christoph grimm born ?	christoph grimm
what position does horst heldt play	horst heldt
what city was john santos born	john santos
where was alfredo zacarias born ?	alfredo zacarias
what instrument did horace panter play	horace panter
what instrument does marco biazzi play	marco biazzi
which song is part of mexico	mexico
what is a song from tucson	tucson
what is do n't be scared	do n't be scared
what county is sand hill in	sand hill
what has anthony burns written about	anthony burns
who directed the film ram lakhan	ram lakhan
who was the lyricist for open	open
where is tom larkin from ?	tom larkin
who is the performer of miami	miami
what neighborhood is found in milwaukee	milwaukee
what is carl barzilauskas famous for	carl barzilauskas
who is jay gatsby 's father	jay gatsby
what types of album is pure	pure
which genre does solitude belong to	solitude
which city was james brown born	james brown
which film did christopher mcquarrie write	christopher mcquarrie
who is signed with myspace records	myspace records
which gender is antonio pagudo ?	antonio pagudo
how was here it is released	here it is
who was the child of nefertari	nefertari
what track did william shatner release	william shatner
what musician was born in garfield	garfield
which organization is for medical research	medical research
whats a tourist destination in medora	medora
what is cedric yarbrough 's ethnicity	cedric yarbrough
which country contains the lopburi river	lopburi river
what is miguel martinez 's profession	miguel martinez
which artist plays the disco genre	disco
what profession is ramakrishna known for	ramakrishna
who was born in mexico city	mexico city
whats a lower classification of alpinia	alpinia
where was tommy breen born ?	tommy breen
name an indie rock artist .	indie rock
what is howard storm 's nationality	howard storm
where was eduards veidenbaums deceased ?	eduards veidenbaums
what restaurant serves delicatessen food ?	delicatessen
what country is asko sarkola from	asko sarkola
what profession did madita have ?	madita
what is scott weber associated with	scott weber
what is leonard proxauf 's gender	leonard proxauf
which country is magome togoshi from	magome togoshi
what is the gender of ekathotsarot	ekathotsarot
which war did klaus-degenhard schmidt attned	klaus-degenhard schmidt
which instrument does duke erikson play	duke erikson
what time zone is seguin in	seguin
who directed so evil my love	so evil my love
what nationality is karin svensson smith	karin svensson smith
what 's a city in maryland	maryland
what position does kim hyeung-bum play	kim hyeung-bum
who was an anti-communism activist ?	anti-communism
where is mountain ranch subdivision ?	mountain ranch subdivision
what is rossy 's gender ?	rossy
what book is narcissa malfoy from	narcissa malfoy
which city did leo erdody die	leo erdody
what nationality is jorge i. dominguez	jorge i. dominguez
what language is bumba available in	bumba
where is al rockoff originally from	al rockoff
what is the old man ?	the old man
name someone who died of cancer	cancer
what kind of movie is corn	corn
where is the passaic river located	passaic river
whats an example of a volcano	volcano
what position does floyd bannister play	floyd bannister
who developed countdown to doomsday ?	countdown to doomsday
which state is florence landing in	florence landing
who was born in wokingham ?	wokingham
what would be a concert film	concert film
what license does porpoise touching hold	porpoise touching
who produced the album streets ...	streets ...
who plays a pitcher in baseball	pitcher
name a community in illinois .	illinois
what gender is mr. jaggers ?	mr. jaggers
which continent did hurricane maria affect	hurricane maria
what radio station plays glen campbell	glen campbell
where did duke esper pass away	duke esper
what type of content is kingpin	kingpin
what is a track on chicago	chicago
what is mervat tallawy 's nationality	mervat tallawy
who is a wellknown kickboxing champion	kickboxing
what is an adaptation from thunderbirds	thunderbirds
what is aleksei kostenko 's gender	aleksei kostenko
which gender is william dominic austin	william dominic austin
where was george karl born ?	george karl
where was david morris born ?	david morris
what does sulfadoxine help treat ?	sulfadoxine
what musical genre is the hierophant	the hierophant
which track is part of earth	earth
where was todor palankov born ?	todor palankov
what is the composition of vasoline	vasoline
where is mary nell santacroce from	mary nell santacroce
what type of release was red	red
what object is an asteroid ?	asteroid
which track is part of fearless	fearless
what track did ill nino make	ill nino
who was the founder of honeywell	honeywell
where is lake maninjau near ?	lake maninjau
george ardisson is what gender ?	george ardisson
what state has area code 918	area code 918
what is a state in canada	canada
what is lee spielman known for	lee spielman
what position does alemayo kebede play	alemayo kebede
is robert whitaker male or female	robert whitaker
what type of program is mariposahd	mariposahd
rebel was written by what author	rebel
which films took place in darrington	darrington
who is gory guerrero 's son	gory guerrero
what label is bushman associated with	bushman
what continent is madagascar located in	madagascar
which city did nikolai ostrovsky die	nikolai ostrovsky
name a kart circuit in hertfordshire	hertfordshire
where is the bulgarian language spoken	bulgarian language
name tony castillo 's profession ?	tony castillo
what is the topic of newsweek	newsweek
which county is woodsboro located in	woodsboro
what country is ruy guerra from	ruy guerra
which country released small time gangster	small time gangster
what biological gender is nicolas provost	nicolas provost
who played bass guitar for dekalb	bass guitar
where is the as catedrais beach	as catedrais beach
which country is reginald mountain from	reginald mountain
which country is consuelo flowerton from	consuelo flowerton
what is a jungle film ?	jungle film
which film did stanley kubrick write	stanley kubrick
what movie did animal logic produce	animal logic
which characters did keith giffen create	keith giffen
what kind of film is godmoney	godmoney
what diet is orange juice allowed	orange juice
which country speaks the makasae language	makasae language
who is the artist on nancy7	nancy7
what country is lamego in ?	lamego
who is son of sima yi	sima yi
what does 25607 tsengiching orbit ?	25607 tsengiching
what game did bandai publish ?	bandai
what country is ray lake in	ray lake
what musician was born in lodz	lodz
what is second honeymoon written about	second honeymoon
what language is aah in ?	aah
what genre is six bullets ?	six bullets
where did alfonso paso die ?	alfonso paso
what album was created by airbourne	airbourne
what is birendranath sasmal famous for	birendranath sasmal
which gender is boyd irwin ?	boyd irwin
where did damon knight die ?	damon knight
what is john ellison 's profession	john ellison
what country is lamb from ?	lamb
what caused gordon lennon 's death	gordon lennon
what is a company in malaysia	malaysia
name a cinematographer born in milan	milan
where was the book protestantism published	protestantism
where was andy todd born ?	andy todd
name a country rock album .	country rock
what river does gabon partially contain	gabon
which country is jane swisshelm from	jane swisshelm
what language was sybil written in	sybil
which timezone is warsaw located in	warsaw
what tv series began in 1996	1996
what country is verona in ?	verona
what is a fantasy tv title	fantasy
which artist released the album truth	truth
what gender is adrien robinson ?	adrien robinson
what broadcast plays new age music	new age
what is alex wynter 's nationality	alex wynter
name a person born in california	california
who is mac macleod signed with	mac macleod
what release is blue on ?	blue
who designed costumes for double indemnity	double indemnity
what country is dmw greer from	dmw greer
which country is michael kenworthy from	michael kenworthy
who created the chappelle 's show	chappelle 's show
who was influenced by the shadows	the shadows
what is a story of dempsey	dempsey
which dome is located in wyoming	wyoming
what gender is jim beggarly ?	jim beggarly
which instrument does chris willsher play	chris willsher
what artist recorded red dawn ?	red dawn
which city was johan inger born	johan inger
what country is bugis street from	bugis street
which film did joel schumacher direct	joel schumacher
who directed the film the scalphunters	the scalphunters
which time zone is meteor in	meteor
what is simon hawkins known as	simon hawkins
what is a theatre book ?	theatre
what kind of movie is sudesi	sudesi
which album is created by evermore	evermore
which city was georges doriot born	georges doriot
which country is boxholm based in	boxholm
what is yasser seirawan known for	yasser seirawan
where was nikos lambrou 's birthplace	nikos lambrou
whats an active ingredient in nevirapine	nevirapine
what is a symptom of hypoxemia	hypoxemia
where did bobby durham pass away	bobby durham
where was arnaud roth born ?	arnaud roth
what band recorded new york groove	new york groove
what is lars eriksson 's nationality	lars eriksson
what instrument did john evan play	john evan
what label is david vanian with	david vanian
which movie did agnieszka holland write	agnieszka holland
what kind of movie is facade	facade
what is a single from paris	paris
what written language is h in	h
what kind of film is accordeon	accordeon
what movie genre is noah considered	noah
what algorithm did joan daemen create	joan daemen
which country produced geeta in paradise	geeta in paradise
what genre is runways & bunkbeds	runways & bunkbeds
which formulation is contained of polydimethylsiloxane	polydimethylsiloxane
what format was stroboscopica released in	stroboscopica
name a foreign action & adventure	foreign action & adventure
what color is synthroid 25 tablet	synthroid 25 tablet
what series had the episode pilot	pilot
what foreign artist sings pop music	pop music
what genre is the film jalsa	jalsa
what country is progression from ?	progression
who is a male character ?	male
which country released the communist manifesto	the communist manifesto
what audiobook did kelly ripa read	kelly ripa
what music genre is northern star	northern star
what is a release in 1999	1999
what is an indie pop album	indie pop
which empire is leonhard kaupisch from	leonhard kaupisch
who was born in shimla ?	shimla
what is hans kornberg ethnic background	hans kornberg
what is a county in mississippi	mississippi
where was cino da pistoia born	cino da pistoia
what country is bastia in ?	bastia
is buron fitts male or female	buron fitts
what is a track on english	english
what is matthew karatz 's nationality	matthew karatz
where did renu saluja die ?	renu saluja
where was brothers in arms released	brothers in arms
what is garrett hedlund 's gender	garrett hedlund
who is a progressive rock artist	progressive rock
what is paul delay 's nationality	paul delay
who is of german canadian ethnicity	german canadian
what type of topic is maverick	maverick
who is silvia scola 's father	silvia scola
what nationality is valeri petrov ?	valeri petrov
where was another day released ?	another day
what is a private school ?	private school
what is an album by dozer	dozer
which artist did the recording renee	renee
what movie did roger corman produce	roger corman
what language does nikolai yut speak	nikolai yut
what are cities within orange county	orange county
what is raphael martinho 's sex	raphael martinho
where did frances marion die ?	frances marion
what is the contentious french about	the contentious french
what nationality is chin-hui tsao ?	chin-hui tsao
which country is dávid kulcsár from	dávid kulcsár
which religion does louis theroux believe	louis theroux
who directed drive a crooked road	drive a crooked road
what album has folk music ?	folk music
name an album by tvxq .	tvxq
where is james stroud originally from	james stroud
what is doli saja ke rakhna	doli saja ke rakhna
what is enalapril used to treat	enalapril
who is the writer of lost	lost
which city was adrian mcpherson born	adrian mcpherson
which album is rhythm and blues	rhythm and blues
what label is los gatos under	los gatos
what country is nieves mathews from	nieves mathews
what is a novel about family	family
name a pop music artist .	pop music
who composed life for rent ?	life for rent
what corporation developed windows movie maker	windows movie maker
what profession is john santilli ?	john santilli
where was c.b. hoadley born ?	c.b. hoadley
what gender is the leslie thompkins	leslie thompkins
where was jeremy jones born ?	jeremy jones
name an artist from ariola records	ariola records
what type ofbook is picture perfect	picture perfect
what type of album was lost	lost
what city is in strafford county	strafford county
what position does lamar thomas play	lamar thomas
what lake is located in nevada	nevada
what music is played in wsie	wsie
name an acoustic music artist .	acoustic music
what star does 9661 hohmann orbit	9661 hohmann
where was hamish bond born ?	hamish bond
what is an alternative rock album	alternative rock
what is barbara leigh-hunt 's nationality	barbara leigh-hunt
where was cristiano dias born ?	cristiano dias
what country is whitefish lake located	whitefish lake
where was shireen mitchell born ?	shireen mitchell
who is the singer of gold	gold
name a volcano in ecuador .	ecuador
what drug comes in a tablet	tablet
where was abi grant born ?	abi grant
what type of album was acustico	acustico
who was the editor for flinch	flinch
who was the lyricist of god	god
what county is waterloo in ?	waterloo
who was born in gaza city	gaza city
who was born in cowgate ?	cowgate
where did harold hardman pass away	harold hardman
who produced the movie the tourist	the tourist
where is the show birdz from	birdz
what position does denis shcherbak play	denis shcherbak
which country is ido mosseri from	ido mosseri
where is ghulam azam from ?	ghulam azam
what is located in hawaii ?	hawaii
who has joseph conrad influenced ?	joseph conrad
where did sofie bernhoft die ?	sofie bernhoft
which country is jung-hun seo from	jung-hun seo
where is josé lutzenberger originally from	josé lutzenberger
which release is drowning on ?	drowning
who wrote the film the champ	the champ
what profession does crystal storm practice	crystal storm
which artist released the album secret	secret
what is maarty leunen 's position	maarty leunen
what country is candor township in	candor township
name a landmark in chattooga county	chattooga county
what is tamara rhodes gender ?	tamara rhodes
what nationality is pëllumb jusufi ?	pëllumb jusufi
what is francisco tárrega 's profession	francisco tárrega
name a professional film director .	film director
where was orest miller born ?	orest miller
where was eddie rosson born ?	eddie rosson
where does the russian river originate	russian river
what nationality is tomás mac giolla	tomás mac giolla
what is valerie vaz known as	valerie vaz
what characters appear in poodle springs	poodle springs
who was born in cuckfield ?	cuckfield
what caused death of corrado mantoni	corrado mantoni
which instrument did money mark play	money mark
where did joe flexer die ?	joe flexer
which country released 11 x 14	11 x 14
what was robert mckinley born ?	robert mckinley
which album is apart of mal-2	mal-2
what country is burton in ?	burton
what is a book about judaism	judaism
what country is chikara sakaguchi from	chikara sakaguchi
where was ritchie pickett given birth	ritchie pickett
what city did robert bennett die	robert bennett
which artist plays house music ?	house music
who was born in london ?	london
what is bundeena known as ?	bundeena
which radio station features jackie wilson	jackie wilson
what is evening , s. 244	evening , s. 244
what character is a scientist ?	scientist
what is the status of smugmug	smugmug
what is a 1985 rock album	album
what county is williamsburg located in	williamsburg
what is the subject of freeway	freeway
where did alec james die again	alec james
who authored first on the moon	first on the moon
where is joy sengupta from ?	joy sengupta
what is donell nixon 's ethnicity	donell nixon
what country is sarvakalashala filmed in	sarvakalashala
which country is hans-joachim ressel from	hans-joachim ressel
what type of program is wuxp-tv	wuxp-tv
which company published the dispossessed ?	the dispossessed
where is wang bo from ?	wang bo
what is the rietavas time zone	rietavas
what state did andrew johnson die	andrew johnson
what type of music is flashback	flashback
what language is cyteen written in	cyteen
what album contains the song senseless	senseless
name a person born in hammerfest	hammerfest
what is simonne monet-chartrand 's gender	simonne monet-chartrand
in what state is gallatin ?	gallatin
what is mike stark 's nationality	mike stark
what producer helped make love hurts	love hurts
which country was disciple filmed in	disciple
what country is nigel slater from	nigel slater
what recording included the track ontario	ontario
what album is in compilation album	compilation album
who is a goalkeeper in football	goalkeeper
which artist performs carnatic music ?	carnatic music
where was kseniya rappoport given birth	kseniya rappoport
what city is in geneva county	geneva county
what positions did valentin nefyodov play	valentin nefyodov
what is a location within mississippi	mississippi
what is a industrial metal band	industrial metal
where did seiichi yamamoto originate from	seiichi yamamoto
what is vnsh jain 's ethnicity	vnsh jain
what nationality is ronald rutter ?	ronald rutter
where did marc merson die ?	marc merson
what country released the movie fingered	fingered
what is léon rosenfeld known for	léon rosenfeld
name an album by the crusaders	album
what state does poolesville belong to	poolesville
where is 70560 located in ?	70560
who wrote the story to ivanhoe	ivanhoe
what location is elche contained by	elche
which country is john campbell from	john campbell
what industry is kiewit corporation in	kiewit corporation
who composed violin sonata no. 8	violin sonata no. 8
which county is globe located in	globe
which gender is dale heslip ?	dale heslip
which religion does amitoj maan practice	amitoj maan
what country is janfida located in	janfida
which song was part of summertime	summertime
what is joan of arc about	joan of arc
what kind of show is doubletake	doubletake
which country is gracie allen from	gracie allen
where was benedetto gennari ii born	benedetto gennari ii
what does the drug galantamine do	galantamine
what form is single bed in	single bed
what netflix genre is bobby under	bobby
what instrument does harold faltermeyer play	harold faltermeyer
which asteroid belt orbits the sun	the sun
what gender is aleksandr pipa ?	aleksandr pipa
what country is kyle drabek from	kyle drabek
what country created the film panic	panic
who did benjamin tucker influence ?	benjamin tucker
what label has the artist silkski	silkski
what is a track by sero.overdose	sero.overdose
which actor was born in munich	munich
what country is garage matches from	garage matches
what kind of group is palmsource	palmsource
who plays the bass guitar ?	bass guitar
what language is fanny in ?	fanny
what is the subject of hegel	hegel
what is frank ortenzio 's job	frank ortenzio
which city was ecm records founded	ecm records
where is nathan apea aferi from	nathan apea aferi
which country is kelly macdonald from	kelly macdonald
what is the capital of quebec	quebec
where was charles koppelman born in	charles koppelman
where is fangyuan mansion located ?	fangyuan mansion
where was jorge arce born ?	jorge arce
is g.o.r.a. fantasy or science fiction	g.o.r.a.
what would be a mtv show	mtv
where is the interactive learning systems	interactive learning systems
which language does merry-go-round play in	merry-go-round
where is thisgirl originally from ?	thisgirl
what is an lgbt movie ?	lgbt
what country is bartłomiej chwalibogowski from	bartłomiej chwalibogowski
which country is idlib located in	idlib
what sort of book is dragonfire	dragonfire
where was bob kane buried ?	bob kane
what nationality is juliette haigh ?	juliette haigh
which format is we are one	we are one
what is a song on oklahoma	oklahoma
what 's a song from miserere	miserere
what is lowes moore known for	lowes moore
which district is located in chongqing	chongqing
who is a character is macgyver	macgyver
which song did paddy mcaloon write	paddy mcaloon
what album includes speed metal music	speed metal
which country was micawber filmed in	micawber
what nationality is asif ali malik	asif ali malik
who was born in manchester ?	manchester
what is tyrant flycatcher classified as	tyrant flycatcher
what country has battle of zumail	battle of zumail
what format was chopsticks released as	chopsticks
what label represents art of dying	art of dying
what is a costume drama film	costume drama
name a person born in queens	queens
what institution does richard childress create	richard childress
who directed the film calypso cat	calypso cat
what film genre is nayam vyakthamakkunnu	nayam vyakthamakkunnu
what language is used in amnesia	amnesia
what kind of animal was aximili-esgarrouth-isthill	aximili-esgarrouth-isthill
where was ed bouchee born ?	ed bouchee
what health problem killed navin nischol	navin nischol
what religion is ignaz kuranda ?	ignaz kuranda
what did wendy hiller die from	wendy hiller
what artist made the recording spain	spain
what movie is in romance film	romance film
which country is terry carter from	terry carter
what japanese was born in manchukuo	manchukuo
who 's album is faye wong	faye wong
where was richard chenevix trench born	richard chenevix trench
what album is soft rock ?	soft rock
where was saitō yoshitatsu born ?	saitō yoshitatsu
what movie did arnon milchan produce	arnon milchan
who does james d. watson advise	james d. watson
what religion does charles gonthier practice	charles gonthier
is enflurane used in general anaesthesia	enflurane
where did the artist hawkwind originate	hawkwind
what position does billy briscoe play	billy briscoe
what is a studio album ?	studio album
who created the show tough love	tough love
what position did niko gießelmann play	niko gießelmann
who wrote the screenplay for alfie	alfie
which country was elzbieta jodlowska from	elzbieta jodlowska
what is peter chrysologus profession ?	peter chrysologus
what best describes the opera 1984	1984
who produced the film china o'brien	china o'brien
what movement did tom mooney attend	tom mooney
what is a documentary film ?	documentary film
what country was believe released in	believe
what school helps further education ?	further education
what kind of book is solaris	solaris
who is the musician for painter	painter
what type of book is 1863	1863
what is the topic of portraits	portraits
what event is in japan ?	japan
who wrote balto ( film )	balto
what footballers were born in monrovia	monrovia
which star does 2594 acamas orbit	2594 acamas
what is yasuyuki shinozaki 's profession	yasuyuki shinozaki
what type of industry is dualstar	dualstar
what is nesmith ankeny 's gender	nesmith ankeny
which city was locates mount merbabu	mount merbabu
what instrument does chris walla play	chris walla
where is ryann green from ?	ryann green
where was quintin cooper born ?	quintin cooper
what kind of book is mcteague	mcteague
where did clark gable pass away	clark gable
who is stella banderas 's mom	stella banderas
what country released tougher than leather	tougher than leather
whats jacob lekgetho 's biological gender	jacob lekgetho
where was roy worters born ?	roy worters
what book would be speculative fiction	speculative fiction
who was born in california ?	california
name a county in united states	united states
what was brown sugar released on	brown sugar
what lyrics did weezer write ?	weezer
what time zone is roletto in	roletto
which country is derby line in	derby line
what profession does giorgi maisashvili have	giorgi maisashvili
who composed shaking the blues away	shaking the blues away
where does the minnesota wild play	minnesota wild
what release includes the recording cocoon	cocoon
what is kiyong kim 's gender	kiyong kim
what is a drama tv program	drama
what 's a crime fiction movie	crime fiction
where did karel teige die ?	karel teige
who was the composer for pinhead	pinhead
where is fitger brewing company ?	fitger brewing company
which religion is jedediah vincent huntington	jedediah vincent huntington
is nancy mckenzie male or female	nancy mckenzie
what provience is dez dam in	dez dam
who 's a defender from german	defender
which time zone is spavinaw in	spavinaw
what ethnicity is michael farenas ?	michael farenas
what is frank loverde 's sex	frank loverde
which country is philip stanton from	philip stanton
what gender is carey mcwilliams ?	carey mcwilliams
who directed the tv series milagro	milagro
what gender is sholom schwartzbard ?	sholom schwartzbard
where was destination anywhere originally released	destination anywhere
name a drama tv program .	drama
which city was sean mcnamara born	sean mcnamara
name a recreation book subject .	recreation
where did alfred richter officially die	alfred richter
what event took place at ningbo	ningbo
what 's inside silesian voivodeship ?	silesian voivodeship
what episode did josh weinstein write	josh weinstein
who was born in templemore ?	templemore
which court does robert décary work	robert décary
what kind of album is hymypoika	hymypoika
is matt o'leary male or female	matt o'leary
what is a satire film ?	satire
what are some chanson albums ?	chanson
what position does anthony mounier play	anthony mounier
which genre is pale blood in	pale blood
what is the sea room about	sea room
where was leopold stokowski born ?	leopold stokowski
where did basil macdonald hastings perish	basil macdonald hastings
where was karel appel born ?	karel appel
where did heinz budde die ?	heinz budde
where was divine intervention released ?	divine intervention
what is a track from daybreak	daybreak
who produced the movie the specialist	the specialist
where did percy sutton become deceased	percy sutton
where was sidney george fisher buried	sidney george fisher
where was dominique dunne born ?	dominique dunne
who wrote the origins of totalitarianism	the origins of totalitarianism
what house features colonial revival architecture	colonial revival architecture
what country is potter place in	potter place
what kind of film is oceanfront	oceanfront
which play did harry warren compose	harry warren
which album did kay starr produce	kay starr
who is a mexican goalkeeper ?	goalkeeper
where was charlie mccully born ?	charlie mccully
what belief does paul lepage practice	paul lepage
what time zone is in mockfjärd	mockfjärd
what kind of movie is faeries	faeries
what genre is angel blade punish	angel blade punish
what rank is the quercus michauxii	quercus michauxii
who has tom clancy influenced ?	tom clancy
who composed time and time again	time and time again
what is a book about oceania	oceania
what is jake epstein 's religion	jake epstein
who is the composer of eugene	eugene
who was born in kinnelon ?	kinnelon
where did transvision vamp originate from	transvision vamp
whats a symptom of angelman syndrome	angelman syndrome
what is superstar : little richard	superstar : little richard
which county locates joker marchant stadium	joker marchant stadium
what country is rang filmed in	rang
what event happened in old goa	old goa
where was sadi cabral deceased ?	sadi cabral
where was ashley monique clark born	ashley monique clark
where did plato meet his maker	plato
who is well known for boxing	boxing
name someone who played the saxophone	saxophone
who was influenced by walter benjamin	walter benjamin
which genre is book of lightning	book of lightning
what european country is herostratus from	herostratus
what mountain is located in oklahoma	oklahoma
who is kurtwood smith 's daughter	kurtwood smith
which track is part of matilda	matilda
what gender is rafael villalona ?	rafael villalona
which track is part of sirius	sirius
which places partially contains swaziland ?	swaziland
what types of movie is starkweather	starkweather
what is van lange known as	van lange
where is the river dovey ?	river dovey
where was siraj ud-daulah born ?	siraj ud-daulah
who is a famous jewish people	jewish people
what instrument does david archuleta play	david archuleta
which country released valsa dos detectives	valsa dos detectives
which country released the nite owl	the nite owl
where was john miles born ?	john miles
what is the nationality of iset	iset
what kind of game is locoroco	locoroco
of what nationality is scott bower	scott bower
where was robert bruce born ?	robert bruce
where was glen brand born ?	glen brand
name an album by katherine jenkins	katherine jenkins
how did nitta yoshisada die ?	nitta yoshisada
where is santa fe located ?	santa fe
what gender is muhammad baqir majlisi	muhammad baqir majlisi
which time zone is quenemo within	quenemo
what country is bruce kimmel from	bruce kimmel
which country was volkmar welzel from	volkmar welzel
what work is a classics ?	classics
what is the classification of opua	opua
where did gustav friedrich hetsch die	gustav friedrich hetsch
who composed the song das röschen	das röschen
what is vet stone notable for	vet stone
what type of book is contagion	contagion
was peter landin male or female	peter landin
where was noel brotherston born ?	noel brotherston
which release was cocaine from ?	cocaine
name an album by julian priester	album
what position did oswaldo henríquez play	oswaldo henríquez
what types of music is easter	easter
where was basant kumar birla born	basant kumar birla
where is poul glargaard from ?	poul glargaard
which religion does diana mitford practice	diana mitford
who recorded chilean pipe song ?	chilean pipe song
which artist plays rock music ?	rock music
what 's a book covering philosophy	philosophy
which artist specializes in photography ?	photography
what is mario moya 's gender	mario moya
where does the jerusalem post circulate	the jerusalem post
which release has the track twilight	twilight
what character was a soldier ?	soldier
who is kathy bryan 's son	kathy bryan
what country is number 17 from	number 17
what is chris joynt notable as	chris joynt
what track did akira rabelais create	akira rabelais
what person was born in chile	chile
what genre is made of bricks	made of bricks
who invented the arc lamp ?	arc lamp
what genre does koko taylor perform	koko taylor
what is timothy miller profession ?	timothy miller
why was bray wyatt named after	bray wyatt
where was douglas fowley born ?	douglas fowley
which instrument does michael mcdonald play	michael mcdonald
what position does józsef braun play	józsef braun
what instrument does ana voog play	ana voog
what is about black history month	black history month
what type of album is houyoku	houyoku
what country is suicide fleet from	suicide fleet
what city released gidget grows up	gidget grows up
what album contains the harlem song	harlem
which game developed created nhl 09	nhl 09
who was born in würzburg ?	würzburg
where on netflix is eli stone	eli stone
what profession does ruzzo medina practice	ruzzo medina
what 's lisa tucker 's ethnicity	lisa tucker
what is jocelyn oxlade 's gender	jocelyn oxlade
what instrument does grant colburn play	grant colburn
what are bollywood movies on netflix	bollywood
which movie is released in france	france
what classification is the two towers	the two towers
name a red dog breed .	red
what music label released home plate	home plate
what county is bakers mills in	bakers mills
what classification is solid gold '68	solid gold '68
who would be a baseball player	baseball player
what genre is a sultans ransom	a sultans ransom
what album is speed metal ?	speed metal
name an example of modern architecture	modern architecture
what position does pablo alvarado play	pablo alvarado
what label is lilys with ?	lilys
where is mera located in ?	mera
what is dear family about ?	dear family
what is an art rock artist	art rock
what is a compilation album ?	compilation album
which university has auburn university aubie	auburn university aubie
which rock group did mc5 influence	mc5
who is a prominent japanese american	japanese american
who is harald ii of denmark	harald ii of denmark
where was 5596 morbidelli discovered ?	5596 morbidelli
what is gordon allport known for	gordon allport
what release featured the track zion	zion
who is a film director ?	film director
where was mario echandi jiménez born	mario echandi jiménez
what city was hutch harris born	hutch harris
who is the composer for summertime	summertime
who was born in tumut ?	tumut
which song is part of aurora	aurora
what type of album is ball	ball
which gender is the character capricorn	capricorn
what genre of music is phoenix	phoenix
what is labid khalifa 's sex	labid khalifa
what is atrani known for ?	atrani
is karoline jagemann male or female	karoline jagemann
what instrument does john lennon play	john lennon
what country is live oak in	live oak
what country is kay hawke from	kay hawke
what gender is jon thompson ?	jon thompson
what is otto kirchheimer 's nationality	otto kirchheimer
which league does wally o'connell play	wally o'connell
what country is lake ka-ho in	lake ka-ho
what is enele sopoaga know for	enele sopoaga
where does the mississippi river begin	mississippi river
what was new orleans released on	new orleans
which country is saga prefecture located	saga prefecture
what gender is betico croes ?	betico croes
how was i missed us released	i missed us
where is bill keith from ?	bill keith
who was the publisher for keyboardmania	keyboardmania
name a composition by count basie	count basie
what was allie long 's position	allie long
what is michael phillips 's gender	michael phillips
where was john cullen nugent born	john cullen nugent
where was jefferson f. long born	jefferson f. long
which release was politician on ?	politician
what is a attractions in bismarck	bismarck
who has robin hobb influenced ?	robin hobb
what is a drama film ?	drama film
what type of crater is herodotus	herodotus
what language is astro man in	astro man
what gender is kennerly kitt ?	kennerly kitt
what position does gary wilson play	gary wilson
what genre is the skeleton dance	the skeleton dance
name a city in corinthia .	corinthia
what tracks are on alter ?	alter
what is a release of alexandria	alexandria
which country locates belvedere , vienna	belvedere , vienna
where is the seattle art museum	seattle art museum
what is an animation film ?	animation
what song is by vex 'd	vex 'd
what did seiji ueda discover ?	seiji ueda
name the nationality of artie bernstein	artie bernstein
what object is an asteroid ?	asteroid
what language is used in anemia	anemia
who composed all i want ?	all i want
what country is kahlil ashanti from	kahlil ashanti
what gender is wilma pastrana ?	wilma pastrana
who was born in birmingham ?	birmingham
what country speaks the medebur language	medebur language
who published the videogame the manhole	the manhole
where is john amabile from ?	john amabile
what album did solar system release	solar system
which language was pandorum made in	pandorum
which album contains the song philadelphia	philadelphia
where did ibn jubayr die ?	ibn jubayr
which country is mccaskill located in	mccaskill
what genre is sonic youth ?	sonic youth
what state is east meadow in	east meadow
what tv genre is barney miller	barney miller
which country is gina varela from	gina varela
where did noble willingham die ?	noble willingham
what 's the capital of hamelin-pyrmont	hamelin-pyrmont
what releases has robin gibb produced	robin gibb
which track contains the magic collection	the magic collection
what is a suspense book ?	suspense
which european country is cene in	cene
what release came from new orleans	new orleans
which city did leo castelli die	leo castelli
where is ballao located at ?	ballao
name a netflix documentary about elvis	documentary
what type of recording was mobile	mobile
what event took place at longyearbyen	longyearbyen
what cocktail uses pineapple juice ?	pineapple juice
which country is ira university in	ira university
is mykola shmatko male or female	mykola shmatko
what was doughty 's profession ?	doughty
name a speculative fiction book .	speculative fiction
what book is about woman ?	woman
what part did tracy chevalier play	tracy chevalier
what country is tadeusz hołówko from	tadeusz hołówko
what is uttam kumar 's religion	uttam kumar
what is a 2007 mystery film	mystery film
who was born in westport ?	westport
where did sophus hansen die ?	sophus hansen
what time zone is maxville in	maxville
what is the composer of peace	peace
what movie genre is sniper 2	sniper 2
which musician created three light years	three light years
what instrument does leon fleisher play	leon fleisher
what gender of diann roffe is	diann roffe
what is stephen hopkins nationality ?	stephen hopkins
which country was bolot beishenaliev from	bolot beishenaliev
which german philosopher influenced elie kedourie	elie kedourie
what is a house music album	house music
what is george saville 's nationality	george saville
which film did david pursall write	david pursall
what is dickson mounds considered ?	dickson mounds
is urban hymns britpop or j-pop	urban hymns
what country is kabwa language from	kabwa language
flórián kaló comes from what country	flórián kaló
what position did vyacheslav kernozenko play	vyacheslav kernozenko
what is the sex of lemberg	lemberg
where is pakistan air force academy	pakistan air force academy
what is a track from gladiator	gladiator
where did frederic isham pass away	frederic isham
where did zhu de die ?	zhu de
which state is helena located in	helena
in what state is toppenish found	toppenish
what format was imagine released in	imagine
is spacecamp in english or spanish	spacecamp
what kind of game is civilization	civilization
what is deborah wells 's nationality	deborah wells
which county is lubec found in	lubec
which artist recorded stormy monday ?	stormy monday
what is yulia volkova known for	yulia volkova
what 's imre keszi 's gender	imre keszi
which country was silence filmed in	silence
who is a post-rock artist ?	post-rock
who produced the film uncle vanya	uncle vanya
which male died from leukemia ?	leukemia
which film is a drama movie	drama
what is a 1960 melodrama film	melodrama
what album is busted on ?	busted
what is mio technology notable for	mio technology
which mountain range contains cahuenga peak	cahuenga peak
what is a 2011 mystery film	mystery film
is hans-hermann hoppe male or female	hans-hermann hoppe
what country is carmen filmed in	carmen
who is a film director ?	film director
where did adam brown die ?	adam brown
which country is quirino located in	quirino
what kind of show is katorse	katorse
which films has paul calderon written	paul calderon
what subject does functional come from	functional
columbia pictures produced what film ?	columbia pictures
what is carlos valderrama known for	carlos valderrama
where is samaná bay located ?	samaná bay
who was born in gelsenkirchen ?	gelsenkirchen
what genre is royal ontario museum	royal ontario museum
what is a recording from winnipeg	winnipeg
which song was released in cars	cars
who was born in gansu ?	gansu
what album is poet on ?	poet
what artist recorded in between days	in between days
which profession is jerald intrator in	jerald intrator
what genre is mason andrews ?	mason andrews
what country is newton county in	newton county
what book is considered fiction ?	fiction
who was the developer for opengrok	opengrok
what state is statenville in ?	statenville
what platform is whiteout on ?	whiteout
where did jack carr die ?	jack carr
what book is a classics ?	classics
what gender is michel gauthier ?	michel gauthier
what classification of music is electra	electra
who is a notable african american	african american
what was named after francis solanus	francis solanus
what genre is stateside on netflix	stateside
where did aubrey faulkner pass away	aubrey faulkner
what artists play folk rock ?	folk rock
what is a disney drama movie	drama
who is the singer of portrait	portrait
which country is beryl orde from	beryl orde
which country is nicole corriero from	nicole corriero
what is a symptom of salmonellosis	salmonellosis
what is a treatment for menorrhagia	menorrhagia
where did leo f. forbstein die	leo f. forbstein
what is jack rowe 's gender	jack rowe
what language is spoken in vs	vs
which country is carlo sacchi from	carlo sacchi
what is a track from rare	rare
where did bow kum pass away	bow kum
who is tobin bridge named after	tobin bridge
who is son of kathleen mckidd	kathleen mckidd
who is an american jazz singer	jazz
who played as a football midfielder	midfielder
what did straylight studios discover ?	straylight studios
which city is beehive house in	beehive house
what is annie known as ?	annie
what album is europa featured on	europa
what region is gonnostramatza located in	gonnostramatza
what country is anginda peak in	anginda peak
what is the formatting of macanudo	macanudo
what is jermanne perry 's sex	jermanne perry
what nationality is debra hill ?	debra hill
what country is artist funeral from	funeral
what kind of game is abuse	abuse
what kind of company is rambus	rambus
what artist makes pop music ?	pop music
name a rock and roll artist	rock and roll
what is ludwig traube 's gender	ludwig traube
which title is considered classic dramas	classic dramas
who sang nat king cole ?	nat king cole
what position does jason lydiate play	jason lydiate
where is temanggung regency located ?	temanggung regency
who 's a hungarian voice actor	voice actor
what language was brothers originally in	brothers
which country was timothy hines born	timothy hines
where was victor canning born ?	victor canning
name a city in united states	united states
where is the mountain larrun located	larrun
what artist performs rock music ?	rock music
what is located in brazil ?	brazil
what is joe gauthreaux 's gender	joe gauthreaux
how was pusher ii released ?	pusher ii
which label released no second chance	no second chance
what is a austroasiatic languages language	austroasiatic languages
is daniel london male or female	daniel london
which county is wagner located in	wagner
which university is located in germany	germany
what 's a community in california	california
what position did ryan charles play	ryan charles
who is a rock music artist	rock music
what industry does cipsoft operate in	cipsoft
what does 16901 johnbrooks orbit ?	16901 johnbrooks
which city contains us post office-kensington	us post office-kensington
what is jan stawarz 's sex	jan stawarz
who is an american football player	american football player
which film did dimitry elyashkevich produce	dimitry elyashkevich
where is rend city located ?	rend city
what is larry hite 's nationality	larry hite
what genre is ill wind ?	ill wind
which city was edward english born	edward english
what instrument has daniel gildenlöw played	daniel gildenlöw
which instrument did lou levy play	lou levy
what is carol schrager 's religion	carol schrager
which album is killing ground on	killing ground
what does 1496 turku orbit ?	1496 turku
what is a track on hollow	hollow
who was born in crete ?	crete
what is hank harris football position	hank harris
what kind of music is kaiaphas	kaiaphas
which book did tupac shakur write	tupac shakur
which city did kenneth macaulay die	kenneth macaulay
where was lorenzo boturini benaduci born	lorenzo boturini benaduci
what is juan delis baseball position	juan delis
where did ulrich von hassell die	ulrich von hassell
what position does sisavang vatthana hold	sisavang vatthana
who wrote les dites cariatides bis	les dites cariatides bis
what position does héctor giménez play	héctor giménez
what types of music is resolver	resolver
what country is roger friedman from	roger friedman
what county is youngsville in ?	youngsville
which county is liberty located in	liberty
which country is manuela azevedo from	manuela azevedo
is kang dae-jin male or female	kang dae-jin
who was born in dakar ?	dakar
what is david gates 's label	david gates
what is an album by mcfly	mcfly
what diet did michael jackson practice	michael jackson
where was buddy giovinazzo born ?	buddy giovinazzo
in what region was discgrotesque released	discgrotesque
what did daniel ash compose ?	daniel ash
what is the nationality of mastur	mastur
which country produces code name phoenix	code name phoenix
whos a parent of steele hunter	steele hunter
what is andrew mckenna known for	andrew mckenna
which track is part of always	always
who would is a j-pop artist	j-pop
which drug was manufactured by hy-vee	hy-vee
what is david hemmings 's ethnicity	david hemmings
where did peter spelson die ?	peter spelson
who is a person from youngstown	youngstown
what historic sites are in florida	florida
what is wilhelm schamoni 's profession	wilhelm schamoni
which country is katherine emery from	katherine emery
where did john berchmans die ?	john berchmans
what gender is murty bvns ?	murty bvns
what game is published by namco	namco
what film did sam zimbalist produce	sam zimbalist
what genre is the book compulsion	compulsion
which album has drowning on it	drowning
what is steve southerland 's profession	steve southerland
what books talk about christianity ?	christianity
what asteroid was discovered in 1997	asteroid
which country is kansas based in	kansas
what genre of film is pathfinder	pathfinder
what fictional character is a lawyer	lawyer
what was john reger born ?	john reger
what album is basque listed on	basque
which movie is germany in netflix	germany
which gender is gabriela sosa ?	gabriela sosa
who was born in albuquerque ?	albuquerque
what genre on netflix is maalik	maalik
what is western michigan broncos football	western michigan broncos football
what album included the track drowning	drowning
what language does gerald veritas speak	gerald veritas
what position does kenny higgins play	kenny higgins
what star does 17902 britbaker orbit	17902 britbaker
who is a dixieland artist ?	dixieland
which gender is craig cornell ?	craig cornell
which books have sara paretsky written	sara paretsky
what gender is mike white ?	mike white
which origin is instinctive dérive from	instinctive dérive
what 's an irish musical film	musical
what did melissa etheridge compose ?	melissa etheridge
name a baseball computer video game	baseball
which label released the release collection	collection
what profession does masato hagiwara have	masato hagiwara
where is daco junior from ?	daco junior
what major event happened at baqubah	baqubah
what was written in encyclopaedia sinica	encyclopaedia sinica
what university is located in qom	qom
who was born in ukraine ?	ukraine
which country is jon price from	jon price
what artist recorded kansas city ?	kansas city
where did ignác mihályi pass away	ignác mihályi
where did jon schneck originate from	jon schneck
name a artist with arista records	arista records
what is a silent film title	silent film
where is melvin mayfield from originally	melvin mayfield
who developed mega man zero collection	mega man zero collection
what instrument does donna fargo play	donna fargo
what architecture is gothic revival architecture	gothic revival architecture
who published a damsel in distress	a damsel in distress
what is a netflix anime drama	anime drama
what type of album was 1962-1970	1962-1970
how did karin boye die ?	karin boye
what position does michel ngonge play	michel ngonge
what country is kemse contained by	kemse
what position does marty burke play	marty burke
in which state is pennsylvania located	pennsylvania
which country is louis helbig from	louis helbig
which artist composed a love bizarre	a love bizarre
what is nikhil kamkolkar 's birthplace	nikhil kamkolkar
who was born in paris ?	paris
what is agatha christie 's nationality	agatha christie
what country is addington located in	addington
which country is cícero santos from	cícero santos
what is used to treat bleeding	bleeding
what country is restaurant filmed in	restaurant
what is penny lane 's profession	penny lane
which language is used in porkkalam	porkkalam
where is bethlehem located at ?	bethlehem
how was the ultimate collection released	the ultimate collection
where was the decoder born ?	decoder
what is thomas parnell 's profession	thomas parnell
what language does rupom khondaker speak	rupom khondaker
whats the name of solar system	solar system
what star does 8527 katayama orbit	8527 katayama
what position does anvar gafurov play	anvar gafurov
what shape is percodan 325/4.8355 tablet	percodan 325/4.8355 tablet
what is the subject of university	university
name a city in north carolina	north carolina
where in europe is afon glaslyn	afon glaslyn
what field does australia fair discuss	australia fair
what artistic form is africa ?	africa
what language is spoken in identity	identity
which position does guy chamberlin play	guy chamberlin
what country is mtv unplugged+3 filmed	mtv unplugged+3
what position does antonio chatman play	antonio chatman
what is fuera del juego about	fuera del juego
what book is about self-help ?	self-help
where was avanti ! filmed ?	avanti !
who created the character bianca jackson	bianca jackson
is adrián dárgelos male or female	adrián dárgelos
what is tai babilonia 's ethnicity	tai babilonia
witch album does star appear on	star
what country made murder in eden	murder in eden
which gender is mark pirro ?	mark pirro
where is the choctaw language from	choctaw language
what position does braulio lara play	braulio lara
which album is created by wizzard	wizzard
what type of organism is aljabr	aljabr
which country is beatrice rosen from	beatrice rosen
where was sharad malhotra born ?	sharad malhotra
which song is part of hawaii	hawaii
what label is neef buck on	neef buck
is beverley thompson male or female	beverley thompson
what gender is kalle carmback ?	kalle carmback
name a location in colorado .	colorado
what group makes alternative rock ?	alternative rock
is colom keating male or female	colom keating
is brian griffin male or female	brian griffin
which country is willie farley from	willie farley
where was belinda leong born ?	belinda leong
what nationality was anton mader ?	anton mader
what is located in illinois ?	illinois
what position does paul keita play	paul keita
where was john mooney born ?	john mooney
how was châtelet les halles released	châtelet les halles
what is beyond delivery about ?	beyond delivery
who developed legend of hero tonma	legend of hero tonma
what position does mo collins play	mo collins
what man was born in luton	luton
where was alister hardy deceased ?	alister hardy
what genre is the film demolition	demolition
what position does titus bonai play	titus bonai
name a filipino post-grunge album .	post-grunge
where is the galbenele river located	galbenele river
which country is david robinson from	david robinson
in what continent is mount machhapuchchhre	mount machhapuchchhre
what film did danny trejo produce	danny trejo
which country os uri riashentsev from	uri riashentsev
what are some lamborghini models ?	lamborghini
what type of movie is vinyan	vinyan
where was luis alberto lacalle born	luis alberto lacalle
what type of movie is ciao	ciao
what genre best categorizes lajon witherspoon	lajon witherspoon
what album release evolution on it	evolution
where was true till death released	true till death
in what country was outro filmed	outro
which musician recorded the silver collection	the silver collection
where was nat king cole from	nat king cole
where was the album contender released	contender
what is andrew deemer 's profession	andrew deemer
which position does max weiler play	max weiler
what country is inna korolyova from	inna korolyova
what language was voices written in	voices
what country is remember me from	remember me
which track is part of mahogany	mahogany
what kind of music is piano	piano
what ingredient is in gluten-free diet	gluten-free diet
where is the dubli language spoken	dubli language
which country is phillip schwartz from	phillip schwartz
what is a known mockumentary film	mockumentary
what is the book crazy about	crazy
where did lee jae-won come from	lee jae-won
which artist recorded strummin ' song	strummin ' song
what kind of music is opafire	opafire
where is friedrich karl schmidt from	friedrich karl schmidt
where is ann corio from ?	ann corio
how did tyrice thompson die ?	tyrice thompson
where was kenneth heilman born ?	kenneth heilman
what country is michael ridpath from	michael ridpath
who is a painting artist ?	painting
what book is about psychology ?	psychology
what type of album was angel	angel
which county is balmorhea in ?	balmorhea
what county is latonia lakes within	latonia lakes
name a town in saga prefecture	saga prefecture
what artist plays rock music ?	rock music
what did ian paice compose ?	ian paice
where was carlos césar neves born	carlos césar neves
who produced the recording lisa ?	lisa
which country was snap released in	snap
which position did andriy bohdanov play	andriy bohdanov
what country is kristen kish from	kristen kish
where is the padma river ?	padma river
which basketball teams attended southland conference	southland conference
name a film in mandarin chinese	mandarin chinese
name a rhythm and blues artist	rhythm and blues
which country is davey moore from	davey moore
name a victim of homicide .	homicide
who created the character simon dark	simon dark
whats folliott sandford pierpoint 's gender	folliott sandford pierpoint
what is a rock music album	rock music
what type of game is dune	dune
who directed a fistful of fingers	a fistful of fingers
what is language spoken in blink	blink
where is deir jarir located in	deir jarir
which airports are nearby kingston ?	kingston
which record is part of preacher	preacher
is philippe jaroussky male or female	philippe jaroussky
whats a specific type of sweater	sweater
what movie genre is meri hukumat	meri hukumat
where is yumi yoshimura from ?	yumi yoshimura
what gender is mónika lamperth ?	mónika lamperth
whats a treatment for lyme disease	lyme disease
what release did pip williams produce	pip williams
where did paul foucher pass away	paul foucher
what country is ella enchanted from	ella enchanted
what release did hummer come from	hummer
what country is oceane from ?	oceane
what country is berlin township in	berlin township
kayleden brown plays what football position	kayleden brown
what is larry shepard 's job	larry shepard
what kind of show is eagleheart	eagleheart
what country is shelley bolton from	shelley bolton
who is dizengoff street named after	dizengoff street
in what category is 2912 lapalma	2912 lapalma
who are valentinian ii 's parents	valentinian ii
which album did neal morse create	album
which military unit comes from wisconsin	wisconsin
what is charles trudeau 's nationality	charles trudeau
what sex is oscar soldati ?	oscar soldati
who is the author of bloodlines	bloodlines
who directed the movie planet ocean	planet ocean
what position does márcio abreu play	márcio abreu
which country is p. balachandran from	p. balachandran
how was bravo hits 64 released	bravo hits 64
which instrument is played by helmet	helmet
who was hancock county named after	hancock county
is rita kenaston female or male	rita kenaston
which city was high places from	high places
which country is boston based in	boston
where did constance adams demille die	constance adams demille
is mackinlee waddell female or male	mackinlee waddell
who was isabel maxwell 's dad	isabel maxwell
what religion does bianca jagger practice	bianca jagger
what film did dennis dugan direct	dennis dugan
which country was louis jurine from	louis jurine
what 's a release from latin	latin
what company published the right stuff	the right stuff
what music genre is unstoppable ?	unstoppable
what is marc fitzpatrick 's nationality	marc fitzpatrick
which artist wrote on your sleeve	on your sleeve
what gender is luisa valenzuela ?	luisa valenzuela
where was kasey lansdale given birth	kasey lansdale
where was gorillaz originally released ?	gorillaz
who influenced ricardo rodriguez jr .	ricardo rodriguez
what is ernests gulbis famous for	ernests gulbis
which gender is kenny johnston ?	kenny johnston
what is the subcategory of polder	polder
what character did matt lucas create	matt lucas
what is frank spaziani 's profession	frank spaziani
where was no ruinous feud released	no ruinous feud
which record is part of timothy	timothy
where is kennedy bridge located ?	kennedy bridge
what is xin sheng mao ethnicity	xin sheng mao
what genre is the magazine gaffa	gaffa
who is shakespeare tower named after	shakespeare tower
what netflix genre is blackenstein ?	blackenstein
who composed gates of eden ?	gates of eden
who released boil ( album )	boil
what is mimi cochran 's profession	mimi cochran
is vampires science fiction or drama	vampires
where was enrico salvatori born ?	enrico salvatori
what is ashkan sahihi 's gender	ashkan sahihi
what country is mario reiter from	mario reiter
is jay costa male or female	jay costa
which language is fugitive air written	fugitive air
which country released battle of neretva	battle of neretva
which games has midway games published	midway games
who is father of nigel calder	nigel calder
who was born in weimar ?	weimar
what is wells fargo arena ?	wells fargo arena
where was branko isaković born ?	branko isaković
who composed the rakes progress ?	the rakes progress
what country is greg white from	greg white
what genre is prepare for war	prepare for war
what is an alternative metal album	alternative metal
what is a philosophy book ?	philosophy
which country is marjorie johnson from	marjorie johnson
what position does dave huppert play	dave huppert
what is pepe marchena 's nationality	pepe marchena
what county is village green in	village green
what 's a british mystery film	mystery film
what movie has jacques demy directed	jacques demy
what religion does pope liberius practice	pope liberius
where is humcrush originally from ?	humcrush
is milton green male or female	milton green
whats the legal structure of dyn	dyn
what caused dora carrington 's death	dora carrington
what is steve harvey 's profession	steve harvey
who wrote any number can play	any number can play
what are some sport books ?	sport
what species is the character trance	trance
what position does ray moore play	ray moore
what release featured the track click	click
what architectural style is shoop building	shoop building
what sex is john rand ?	john rand
what country was robert burns published	robert burns
which time zone is trzebnica in	trzebnica
what label is twista signed with	twista
what country is kent sanderson from	kent sanderson
who was born in montevideo ?	montevideo
who did noel fielding influence ?	noel fielding
what biological sex is daniel schlereth	daniel schlereth
what country is rivals from ?	rivals
where was muriel matters born ?	muriel matters
is karim ouelhaj male or female	karim ouelhaj
what creed does william webster practice	william webster
whose album is double trouble ?	double trouble
what nationality is gurdeep singh ?	gurdeep singh
who wrote friend of the devil	friend of the devil
what artist recorded deep purple ?	deep purple
where is little sister based ?	little sister
what is bertrand moulinet 's gender	bertrand moulinet
who composed beauty of the beast	beauty of the beast
what is carl hansen 's gender	carl hansen
where is jandino asporaat from ?	jandino asporaat
name an electric blues artist .	electric blues
what sort of film is antitrust	antitrust
what is a track from us	us
what book 's subject is history	history
who is a indie genre artist	indie
what position does jaime villegas play	jaime villegas
where was andreas schmidt-schaller born ?	andreas schmidt-schaller
what profession did gabriele falloppio have	gabriele falloppio
name a film by sam froelich	sam froelich
who produced the film ex machina	ex machina
which song is part of birth	birth
name an animation television program ?	animation
what character has hand-to-hand combat skill	hand-to-hand combat
what is harold bridgeforth 's nationality	harold bridgeforth
what gender is bartosz obuchowicz ?	bartosz obuchowicz
what is madeleine vionnet know for	madeleine vionnet
what type of album is resurrection	resurrection
what is shiho kawaragi 's nationality	shiho kawaragi
what is a mystery book ?	mystery
which genre does george jackson perform	george jackson
where was takeshi matsuyama born ?	takeshi matsuyama
who developed the game version omega	omega
what instrument does tony laureano play	tony laureano
what industry does onebeacon operate in	onebeacon
which track contains ace of spades	ace of spades
gigantics was produced by whom ?	gigantics
what type of music is aeolia	aeolia
what is david hall 's nationality	david hall
is lee woo-suk male or female	lee woo-suk
is dagmar heller male or female	dagmar heller
where is midway township located ?	midway township
where was weyinmi efejuku born ?	weyinmi efejuku
what lyrics did warren zevon write	warren zevon
where was joe mcleod born ?	joe mcleod
who are individuals born in montreal	montreal
where is mexitil 250 capsule available	mexitil 250 capsule
what is werner grassmann 's gender	werner grassmann
how is the 11425 wearydunlop categorized	11425 wearydunlop
where did ferdinando galli-bibiena pass away	ferdinando galli-bibiena
who was born in yakima ?	yakima
what is hans holzer 's profession	hans holzer
who was born in maracaibo ?	maracaibo
which event was held in springfield	springfield
what type of videogame is poxnora	poxnora
who was born in russia ?	russia
which genre does netflix put courtship	courtship
what was the sex of ever	ever
what university is in tamil nadu	tamil nadu
who makes childrens allergy 12.5 liquid	childrens allergy 12.5 liquid
what is picacho peak state park	picacho peak state park
what track is part of joshua	joshua
name a rock and roll album	rock and roll
what does 3665 fitzgerald rotate around	3665 fitzgerald
which musician contributed to acid factory	acid factory
who recorded thunderstorms and neon signs	thunderstorms and neon signs
where was jonas grosch born ?	jonas grosch
who composed catch me up ?	catch me up
is hannah frank female or male	hannah frank
name a book about xml .	xml
where is scarlett chorvat from ?	scarlett chorvat
what kind of artist is stam1na	stam1na
which film did film4 productions produce	film4 productions
name something that orbits the sun	the sun
what country is stefan könig from	stefan könig
what is the gender of destorm	destorm
who was the director of epaves	epaves
what position did ahman green play	ahman green
which star does 6907 harryford orbit	6907 harryford
where is julien macdonald from ?	julien macdonald
what is manchester black 's superpower	manchester black
who died because of cardiovascular disease	cardiovascular disease
who is kathleen slater 's child	kathleen slater
where did charles cleveland pass away	charles cleveland
what is a fiction book ?	fiction
what city does krcw-tv broadcast to	krcw-tv
what genre of film is ram-avtar	ram-avtar
what version is the game 1984	1984
who is a gothic artist ?	gothic
who is the author of psycho	psycho
what is a consulting company ?	consulting
which country is jim griffiths from	jim griffiths
what language is secret sunshine in	secret sunshine
what is heavy metal associated with	heavy metal
which recording has the track lion	lion
what is danny hoffman 's job	danny hoffman
what netflix genre is 1918 ?	1918
what is lia roberts known as	lia roberts
where was hedy fry born ?	hedy fry
what is göran hägglund 's profession	göran hägglund
what language was furueru shita in	furueru shita
who was born in innsbruck ?	innsbruck
where was joseph w. mcmurrin born	joseph w. mcmurrin
which basketball player is from bulgaria	basketball player
what is evil bong classified as	evil bong
name a child of noa mohlabane	noa mohlabane
what type of movie is rififi	rififi
what artist performs experimental rock ?	experimental rock
which track released the never years	the never years
what album contains the track paris	paris
which lyrics did bobby byrd write	bobby byrd
where did derek hall pass away	derek hall
who was the developer of chiral	chiral
where was kerstin stutterheim born ?	kerstin stutterheim
what is kelly li 's profession	kelly li
what kind of character is diamond	diamond
where was vicente martinez ybor born	vicente martinez ybor
who was born in canada ?	canada
what type of album is warfare	warfare
what language is spoken in frühlingslied	frühlingslied
which state was joan houlihan born	joan houlihan
laurel county contains what area ?	laurel county
what type of movie is payload	payload
which valley is schuylkill located in	schuylkill
which city is in bosnian county	bosnian county
what genre is irandu mugam in	irandu mugam
which sport did mark cross coach	mark cross
what kind of movie is vulgar	vulgar
which country is bernd hollerbach from	bernd hollerbach
what book illustrates strong mysticism ?	mysticism
which sector is oaksterdam university ?	oaksterdam university
what type of game is realmz	realmz
which record is part of czechoslovakia	czechoslovakia
which label released yellow submarine ?	yellow submarine
where is embden , maine loacted	embden , maine
who was lethal weapon edited by	lethal weapon
where did reiko sato die ?	reiko sato
what composition did joe walsh compose	joe walsh
who was jacques drèze influenced by	jacques drèze
name a composition by laura nyro	laura nyro
which artist recorded wang dang doodle	wang dang doodle
what label is michael harris on	michael harris
where is europe is bélavár found	bélavár
what gender is franklin hansen ?	franklin hansen
what is a studio album ?	studio album
what instrument does kai eckhardt play	kai eckhardt
what is jim gilmore 's gender	jim gilmore
what position does yevgeni kharlachyov play	yevgeni kharlachyov
whats an administrative division of kuwait	kuwait
what country is holden mobley from	holden mobley
what athlete was born in cluj-napoca	cluj-napoca
who was born in berlin ?	berlin
what language was swandown filmed in	swandown
what gender is jonathan rands ?	jonathan rands
what format was xtort released on	xtort
what 's a musical album ?	album
which film did joseph barbera produce	joseph barbera
where is the city arlington found	arlington
what 's a fell in cumbria	cumbria
who directed kindred of the dust	kindred of the dust
who is a country artist ?	country
what album was africa released from	africa
where was albert dorfman born ?	albert dorfman
what is cefazolin 1 injection ?	cefazolin 1 injection
what is an electronic music album	electronic music
where was maría del puy born	maría del puy
what 's a hardcore punk album	hardcore punk
where was joey niceforo born ?	joey niceforo
where was ole olsen born ?	ole olsen
what kind of fiction is primeval	primeval
what is a song from vancouver	vancouver
who is the singer of marriage	marriage
where did swatow operation take place	swatow operation
which city did anna dostoyevskaya die	anna dostoyevskaya
what gender could marjan mozetich be	marjan mozetich
what country is lucas nine from	lucas nine
what nation is deborah reber from	deborah reber
what subject is portrayed in animage	animage
what release was samsara from ?	samsara
name a death metal artist .	death metal
what diet does wakame follow ?	wakame
which country is bug hill in	bug hill
what language is spoken in possessions	possessions
what is a drama film ?	drama film
what genre of software is contactizer	contactizer
which stage is produced by pegfilgrastim	pegfilgrastim
what album was monster released on	monster
what track was released in tomorrow	tomorrow
what is mark ridley-thomas 's ethnicity	mark ridley-thomas
which country is bruno pésery from	bruno pésery
what is a book about mathematics	mathematics
what is a drama on tv	drama
what genre is the presets ?	the presets
which format was boulette filmed in	boulette
what is an investment banking company	investment banking
what is the single from speak	speak
which award winning artist recorded curtains	curtains
where did james watt pass away	james watt
what is a recording from pilot	pilot
which town did ernst krappe die	ernst krappe
where is so-jeong kang from ?	so-jeong kang
what color is metronidazole 500 tablet	metronidazole 500 tablet
which artist recorded the sun years	the sun years
what artist belongs to capricorn records	capricorn records
where was aaron moore born ?	aaron moore
what is ida waterman 's gender	ida waterman
who was born in jayapura ?	jayapura
which state was charles bolden born	charles bolden
what can lead to a burn	burn
who produced the film two scrambled	two scrambled
who was born in kazanlak ?	kazanlak
which county did trevor williams die	trevor williams
who is the editor of hollywood	hollywood
which country is huallaga river in	huallaga river
who made the album lennie tristano	lennie tristano
what musical genre is pretty woman	pretty woman
which record is part of chicago	chicago
which language is used for dust	dust
who is margaret stewart 's dad	margaret stewart
which format was pill clinton released	pill clinton
where is australian story from ?	australian story
what is a rock music album	rock music
who recorded the song timeless ?	timeless
which genre does brush shiels create	brush shiels
what 's a frankenstein monster film	frankenstein
is nan morales male or female	nan morales
corcoran is in which state ?	corcoran
what kind of film is cherish	cherish
what sex is frances freeling broderip	frances freeling broderip
which country is phillips idowu from	phillips idowu
what country is rosamond township in	rosamond township
what municipalities are in the netherlands	the netherlands
which famous novelist influenced emil cioran	emil cioran
what is tecumseh 's significance level	tecumseh
what time zone is ecseny located	ecseny
what does jet black play ?	jet black
where is j. r. richards from	j. r. richards
what state is lauderdale lakes in	lauderdale lakes
where does boogie vision originate ?	boogie vision
what kind if music is stigma	stigma
what country is camille winbush from	camille winbush
who wrote the song the walk	the walk
who was botev peak named after	botev peak
what genre is the videogame blackshot	blackshot
what profession does kelly salmon have	kelly salmon
what artist records under rocketown records	rocketown records
where is diana davies from ?	diana davies
larry david wrote what tv episode	larry david
what does 12326 shirasaki orbit ?	12326 shirasaki
which bridge is located in pennsylvania	pennsylvania
what japanese album is compilation album	compilation album
what country is sarah bagley from	sarah bagley
what album is from nanci griffith	nanci griffith
name a person born in fukuoka	fukuoka
what gender is roisin shortall ?	roisin shortall
what musical instrument does dadamndude play	dadamndude
which position did massimiliano cappioli play	massimiliano cappioli
is august a male or female	august
who is a french mathematician ?	mathematician
what is naseem ashraf 's nationality	naseem ashraf
who was influenced by paul goodman	paul goodman
where is holbeach located at ?	holbeach
where was andrew hoffman born ?	andrew hoffman
what is kevin cadogan profession ?	kevin cadogan
where was max mccabe-lokos born ?	max mccabe-lokos
is mitchel mclaughlin male or female	mitchel mclaughlin
which language was spoken in ceasefire	ceasefire
what is kalinga , southern language	kalinga , southern language
which lyrics were written by moby	moby
who was born in mexico city	mexico city
what is a compilation album ?	compilation album
which track was done by novembre	novembre
what religion does mostowfi ol-mamalek follow	mostowfi ol-mamalek
where was bruce tarr born in	bruce tarr
who is the singer of sing	sing
which track did david baker engineer	david baker
where is wilbur-by-the-sea located at ?	wilbur-by-the-sea
what kind of game is scribblenauts	scribblenauts
who did sigmund freud influence ?	sigmund freud
which song was created by laleh	song
which country is fat world about	fat world
where is a circle k found	circle k
what company did martha stewart fund	martha stewart
what kind of movie was zone	zone
which record is part of bass	bass
what is a release of tennessee	tennessee
who directed the newton boys ?	the newton boys
which country contains scb park plaza	scb park plaza
who is your favorite actor ?	actor
who is an author of art	art
what is the release from energy	energy
where was johann palisa born ?	johann palisa
what type of movie is francis	francis
what is a rockabilly album ?	rockabilly
who is man born in levittown	levittown
what type of language is haskell	haskell
who was south monroe named after	south monroe
name a alternative rock artist .	alternative rock
what is axel bergstedt 's nationality	axel bergstedt
whats an example of a genus	genus
where was jan zeman originally from	jan zeman
name a type of private university	private university
what artist recorded after hours ?	after hours
name an underground hip hop album	underground hip hop
which instruments does chris gaylor play	chris gaylor
which country is brett schulz from	brett schulz
what type of filmis numb ?	numb
what kind of genre is wood/water	wood/water
which district is devprayag located in	devprayag
who produced the love nest ?	the love nest
what is red sonja 's gender	red sonja
which label is yelle signed to	yelle
who is the editor for arkansas	arkansas
where was amerikan gothick released ?	amerikan gothick
who is the designer of gossip	gossip
which company published the undercover economist	the undercover economist
is alecia batson male or female	alecia batson
where was leo donnelly born ?	leo donnelly
what is ardrossan 's time zone	ardrossan
what kind of book is fredericksburg	fredericksburg
what country was seven psychopaths filmed	seven psychopaths
who developed street fighter alpha 2	street fighter alpha 2
what type of album is confirmation	confirmation
what artist recorded railroad bill ?	railroad bill
what kind of book is diary	diary
what profession does rick mather have	rick mather
where is snow springs located ?	snow springs
what actress died from myocardial infarction	myocardial infarction
what is pedro hernandez 's nationality	pedro hernandez
what 's a track from marmalade	marmalade
how did marion zimmer bradley die	marion zimmer bradley
what album is rock music ?	rock music
what is liubomiras lauciavicius 's nationality	liubomiras lauciavicius
who manufactured handley page halifax ?	handley page halifax
what is sanford berman 's nationality	sanford berman
what language is the pirogue in	the pirogue
what country is money filmed in	money
what person is a writer ?	writer
what language is garam masala in	garam masala
what is an action game ?	action game
where is the madam satan located	madam satan
what caused kakuji kakuta 's death	kakuji kakuta
where did mel mcgaha die ?	mel mcgaha
who sang the song sympathetic character	sympathetic character
what album is part of columbus	columbus
where is ambon , maluku ?	ambon , maluku
what is debi purcell known for	debi purcell
who is the artist of muzzle	muzzle
which song was produced by beausoleil	beausoleil
where is dorothy bartlam from ?	dorothy bartlam
what country is rijswijk in ?	rijswijk
which county is cub run in	cub run
where is cross hill based in	cross hill
which song is part of leeds	leeds
name a city in brazil .	brazil
what is theodore hamberg 's gender	theodore hamberg
where did edmund husserl die ?	edmund husserl
is roy kayara male or female	roy kayara
is yawovi agboyibo male or female	yawovi agboyibo
what lyrics did nancy wilson write	nancy wilson
what caused kin vassy 's death	kin vassy
who did andre breton inlfuence ?	andre breton
what country was indraprastham filmed in	indraprastham
what is janice man 's nationality	janice man
what movie genre is the score	the score
what is john smith profession ?	john smith
who is patricia kennedy 's son	patricia kennedy
which genre of film is longing	longing
what is a recording of night	night
what position does jorge barrera play	jorge barrera
what book discusses about great britain	great britain
what image is about limerick ?	limerick
which release is mississippi from ?	mississippi
where was electric blue released ?	electric blue
what format was cocaine released ?	cocaine
what position does mike tolbert play	mike tolbert
what track is featured on firstborn	firstborn
what was shahzad ghufoor know for	shahzad ghufoor
what kind of album is aperture	aperture
who is someone born in toronto	toronto
where is peter wolf originally from	peter wolf
where was illeana douglas born ?	illeana douglas
what nationality is whitley david merrifield	whitley david merrifield
who wrote the script for gaslight	gaslight
what time zone is livingston in	livingston
what kind of movie is sculpture	sculpture
where was gary holt born ?	gary holt
where was two/three instrumentals released ?	two/three instrumentals
name a location within maine ?	maine
who is the lyricist of sally	sally
the infidel was written by whom	the infidel
what track did g.t. moore record	g.t. moore
which films has nikita mikhalkov produced	nikita mikhalkov
in what region was closer released	closer
what person was born in frankfurt	frankfurt
where was antun palić born ?	antun palić
where was colin bettany born ?	colin bettany
what type of book is bronze	bronze
where was c. r. subburaman born	c. r. subburaman
which artists played music in jubilee	jubilee
where is willie the kid from	willie the kid
what can lead to tourette syndrome	tourette syndrome
who is the performer of believe	believe
where was vojtěch schulmeister born ?	vojtěch schulmeister
what kind of movie is driven	driven
who directed the film killing zoe	killing zoe
what type of movie is hideout	hideout
where is james cloyd bowman from	james cloyd bowman
of which nationality is dragoslav stepanović	dragoslav stepanović
what album is good night from	good night
what country is tuxbury pond in	tuxbury pond
where was elizabeth pisani born ?	elizabeth pisani
what is an alternative rock album	alternative rock
which movie is india in netflix	india
who is a soul music artist	soul music
what country filmed the black orchid	the black orchid
who wrote the film count dracula	count dracula
is marama corlett female or male	marama corlett
which country is tremelo based in	tremelo
where was lerone d. wilson born	lerone d. wilson
what did margaret cho contribute to	margaret cho
which sport did mitsuo sumi play	mitsuo sumi
name a swimmer born in adelaide	adelaide
where is bob van dillen from	bob van dillen
where is rothley located in ?	rothley
what is marjorie gaffney 's gender	marjorie gaffney
what gender is yoshinori kobayashi ?	yoshinori kobayashi
what country is simon wilcox from	simon wilcox
name a treatment for osteoarthritis .	osteoarthritis
which position did alberto fouilloux play	alberto fouilloux
what game did joust influence ?	joust
where was jamie robinson born ?	jamie robinson
what is david benoit 's gender	david benoit
what nationality is michael angelo rooker	michael angelo rooker
what is an animation film ?	animation
who composed run for your life	run for your life
who recorded the song drummer ?	drummer
what genre is 8 megales epitihies	8 megales epitihies
what season is kevin spacey from	kevin spacey
what songs are by reamonn ?	reamonn
what is a country music album	country music
name a track released by believe	believe
name a river natural harbor .	river natural harbor
name a rock music artist .	rock music
where was iced earth released ?	iced earth
what 's a symptom of malaria	malaria
who was born in lithuania ?	lithuania
what kind of genre is noplacetohide	noplacetohide
what is josh lewin 's nationality	josh lewin
what is the license for gauche	gauche
who performed into the west ?	into the west
where was joão josé pompeo born	joão josé pompeo
where is jason wilnis from ?	jason wilnis
name a pop rock album .	pop rock
what city is bill drayton from	bill drayton
what kind of film is hamill	hamill
which country is shannon prynoski from	shannon prynoski
what is emil jensen known for	emil jensen
which release is remember me on	remember me
what is a short film ?	short film
where was su-jin lee born ?	su-jin lee
what area does kul al-arab serve	kul al-arab
what is ivan dzerzhinsky profession ?	ivan dzerzhinsky
who is sandeep dikshit 's mother	sandeep dikshit
what religion does frank lorenzo have	frank lorenzo
which release is twilight from ?	twilight
what gender is charles clinton spaulding	charles clinton spaulding
which state is phillipsburg in ?	phillipsburg
which country is pacifico yokohama in	pacifico yokohama
whats a poker like card game	card game
who is buried in el escorial	el escorial
how did patricia laurie die ?	patricia laurie
what country is angel navarro from	angel navarro
which area does kmky broadcast to	kmky
what is claudio contartese 's gender	claudio contartese
which country is linda scott from	linda scott
what is alexander mindadze nationality ?	alexander mindadze
what is the utah state senate	utah state senate
who is a professional camera operator	camera operator
name a lake within kalamazoo county	kalamazoo county
what film did bill migliore produce	bill migliore
where was laura stoica born ?	laura stoica
what profession is aileen campbell ?	aileen campbell
who is matia bazar signed with	matia bazar
what instrument does dean tidey play	dean tidey
which country is broadstairs located in	broadstairs
who was born in camberwell ?	camberwell
whats an example of a temple	temple
what profession does khao belong to	khao
which football players are from paris	paris
what type of film is tentacles	tentacles
what type of recording it zulu	zulu
what gender is stella ambler ?	stella ambler
what country is somonauk creek in	somonauk creek
what tracks did roger waters produce	roger waters
what artist does eclipse belong to	eclipse
what 's carla dunlap 's ehtnicity	carla dunlap
what system is 4321 zero within	4321 zero
which star does 20969 samo orbit	20969 samo
what artist released high society ?	high society
what type of music is 80–85	80–85
what is a cause of cirrhosis	cirrhosis
what type of music is caledonia	caledonia
what was clare asher 's profession	clare asher
which album was california part of	california
what is chris laine 's profession	chris laine
what country does wieprz run through	wieprz
which city was cy bahakel born	cy bahakel
is francesca smith male or female	francesca smith
what type of movie is baseketball	baseketball
what instruments does fernando garibay play	fernando garibay
what game did n3v games develop	n3v games
where was speedy hire founded ?	speedy hire
what genre is vital signs in	vital signs
in what country is shan state	shan state
which series has the episode austin	austin
what happened during world war ii	world war ii
how did dennis burkley die ?	dennis burkley
who wrote you only live twice	you only live twice
what musician recorded the song free	free
where is marina albuquerque from ?	marina albuquerque
who was born in motherwell ?	motherwell
what is manila known for ?	manila
what does somogy county contain ?	somogy county
who wrote the book the franchise	the franchise
what profession is kate le in	kate le
who was diana vreeland 's mother	diana vreeland
what type of music is sampooran	sampooran
name a professional film director .	film director
what is the hate-monger 's occupation	hate-monger
what album is africa featured on	africa
what country was slaughtered released in	slaughtered
what is robert perloff 's ethnicity	robert perloff
which cinematographer was born in poland	poland
where did paul cazeneuve die ?	paul cazeneuve
who composed looks that kill ?	looks that kill
which genre is alien sex video	alien sex video
how was live in montreal released	live in montreal
which organization type is tv land	tv land
who directed the tenth symphony ?	the tenth symphony
who manufactured the boeing 767-200 ?	boeing 767-200
what is hassan brijany 's gender	hassan brijany
who was mihail sadoveanu influenced by	mihail sadoveanu
what is lucia siposová 's nationality	lucia siposová
what is caiera 's gender ?	caiera
where did artur pipan die ?	artur pipan
what album was monarchy released on	monarchy
whats the nationality of patrick merla	patrick merla
what artist made an acapella christmas	an acapella christmas
what is the genre of heat	heat
which company published in nomine ?	in nomine
which song did dave matthews compose	dave matthews
who had the hobby of football	football
what is tim barrett 's nationality	tim barrett
what track is part of ohio	ohio
which release is venus from ?	venus
what is tracy pratt 's nationality	tracy pratt
what constellation is psi3 aquarii in	psi3 aquarii
which country is dejan jurkič from	dejan jurkič
what nationality is miriam winter ?	miriam winter
what tracks are on 2001 ?	2001
what is chad mustard 's nationality	chad mustard
what track did randy jackson produce	randy jackson
what country is los ybanez in	los ybanez
is bethany johnson female or male	bethany johnson
what book is an autobiography ?	autobiography
what style of music is exo	exo
which city was lionel pina born	lionel pina
who produced district 13 : ultimatum	district 13 : ultimatum
where did the spill canvas originate	the spill canvas
what nationality is doug mcewen ?	doug mcewen
who was gunnar heiberg influenced by	gunnar heiberg
what instrument does bruce cockburn play	bruce cockburn
who did david steinberg influence ?	david steinberg
what position of pat swilling ?	pat swilling
name a horror film on netflix	horror film
which gender is black tie affair	black tie affair
where did mikhail vladimirsky die ?	mikhail vladimirsky
what is mike sekowsky 's ethnicity	mike sekowsky
what image is about charles crocker	charles crocker
what are episodes by rich dahm	rich dahm
what type of music is us	us
which release was tomorrow in ?	tomorrow
where was gyula kompóthy born ?	gyula kompóthy
what is albert galleron known for	albert galleron
what gender is f. paul wilson	f. paul wilson
what county is sandtown found in	sandtown
who wrote the book justice hall	justice hall
what region is gümüşhane province in	gümüşhane province
where was helicopter warfare originally filmed	helicopter warfare
which city was cecil alexander born	cecil alexander
what nationality is donald lawrence ?	donald lawrence
where is adalbert franz seligmann born	adalbert franz seligmann
where is columbia record circulated ?	columbia record
where was george gardner born ?	george gardner
which country is mike danton from	mike danton
what state is star city in	star city
what genre is theocracy in ?	theocracy
which gender is william e. jones	william e. jones
what is zsuzsanna rácz 's gender	zsuzsanna rácz
what is the capital of aargau	aargau
where did clarence emir allen die	clarence emir allen
what genre is the film hemorrhage	hemorrhage
what is sarah kane known for	sarah kane
what position did park sung-jin play	park sung-jin
who was born in ljubljana ?	ljubljana
where was erich taeger born ?	erich taeger
what is a track form cocoon	cocoon
who was influenced by emilio salgari	emilio salgari
what ethnicity is ojo the lucky	ojo the lucky
which movie was jim jones in	jim jones
who did the smeezingtons sign with	the smeezingtons
who composed sad , sad world	sad , sad world
which county is leitner located in	leitner
what was the exiled written about	the exiled
which complication was brown sugar on	brown sugar
what is a city in florida	florida
what country released like two crocodiles	like two crocodiles
what was washington county named after	washington county
what did paweł huelle write ?	paweł huelle
what language does cenk aydin speak	cenk aydin
what is arja pessa 's gender	arja pessa
which type of music is moose	moose
what technique does chamu chibhabha use	chamu chibhabha
which country is john mahaffey from	john mahaffey
which region was marathon released in	marathon
where was jessica napier born ?	jessica napier
what type of show is tremors	tremors
what unincorporated community is in indiana	indiana
where is elias bond from ?	elias bond
which country is kay lahusen from	kay lahusen
what gender is adolph j. sabath	adolph j. sabath
which country is ward knob in	ward knob
which universe does stallior live in	stallior
what film genre is zanjeer ?	zanjeer
which record is part of japan	japan
what was composed by bruce springsteen	bruce springsteen
which film was shot in aš	aš
how was looking back on released	looking back on
what type of station is wbuv	wbuv
who is a hard rock artist	hard rock
what tracks are by chuck berry	chuck berry
which movement was gaspard dughet involved	gaspard dughet
what release is dangerous on ?	dangerous
what album is touch it from	touch it
which album contains girls night out	girls night out
where is rodney burke from ?	rodney burke
who published split second : velocity	split second : velocity
what country is henri charr from	henri charr
which track did sugar minott produce	sugar minott
what is written by sarah blackwood	sarah blackwood
what religion does arlene phillips follow	arlene phillips
what is a country album ?	country
what genre is the fully down	the fully down
what is an album by mercy	mercy
which album is a compilation album	compilation album
is derrell mitchell male or female	derrell mitchell
which country was baadbaan filmed in	baadbaan
which city is stealing o'neal from	stealing o'neal
how does greg dobbs bat ?	greg dobbs
what is gene london 's occupation	gene london
what is illinois route 91 ?	illinois route 91
who founded the british lung foundation	british lung foundation
who was born in chicago ?	chicago
what composition has mark knopfler created	mark knopfler
who was born in nancy ?	nancy
what song did kanye west compose	kanye west
what is charles frank 's gender	charles frank
what nationality is melvin kicmett ?	melvin kicmett
what genre is the film brandonwood	brandonwood
who is a german football midfielder	midfielder
where was edith craig born ?	edith craig
what country was disco released in	disco
what is a song on northwind	northwind
who is mohammad yunus khalis ?	mohammad yunus khalis
where is the nimba range located	nimba range
who produced the film broadway bill	broadway bill
who is robert fogel 's advisor	robert fogel
which album was always released on	always
who directed knives of the avenger	knives of the avenger
where is aktobe airport located ?	aktobe airport
which song was part of apricot	apricot
what ethnicity is muljibhai madhvani ?	muljibhai madhvani
what is the genre of piano	piano
who edited the film bobby ?	bobby
what is the subject of carpenter	carpenter
who is someone born in mitchelstown	mitchelstown
what country is victor gotbaum from	victor gotbaum
who would be called heavy metal	heavy metal
what position does george mcnamara play	george mcnamara
who is a female character ?	female
where was the soft parade released	the soft parade
what film did jim jarmusch write	jim jarmusch
what is an punjabi action film	action film
what is the lady eve ?	the lady eve
what label is barry manilow with	barry manilow
where did pedro opaso die ?	pedro opaso
which artists perform jazz music ?	jazz
what genre is the cab ?	the cab
what japanese scientist discovered 7797 morita	7797 morita
what is a single off free	free
what film did ross macdonald write	ross macdonald
who is a professional musician ?	musician
who is brittany murphy 's father	brittany murphy
which olympics did england participate in	england
what is a city in nevada	nevada
what is robert lynn 's profession	robert lynn
in what state is bloomingdale found	bloomingdale
where did ralph w. aigler die	ralph w. aigler
which country is mackroy peixote from	mackroy peixote
name a track produced by gorillaz	gorillaz
whats the gender of george harrison	george harrison
what diseases are included in aneurysm	aneurysm
what are attractions in bauchi state	bauchi state
where was roxy reynolds given birth	roxy reynolds
where in western europe is venzone	venzone
what language is green disease in	green disease
which organization did david warrilow create	david warrilow
which soccer player plays forward ?	forward
where can one locate flowers crossing	flowers crossing
where is lynn kodeih from ?	lynn kodeih
who is a founder of exl	exl
whats a track by bing crosby	bing crosby
where was mark edmondson born ?	mark edmondson
who wrote the lyrics to america	america
where is dalvin degrate from ?	dalvin degrate
what are sigma alpha 's colors	sigma alpha
what 's a place inside germany	germany
what is eugenia ratti famous for	eugenia ratti
who wrote do n't come knocking	do n't come knocking
what book is suspense literary genre	suspense
who genre is discussed in daybreak	daybreak
what is julio borbon known for	julio borbon
what gender is ansgar brinkmann ?	ansgar brinkmann
what is mary losseff 's gender	mary losseff
where was blues for salvador released	blues for salvador
what 's a track from miami	miami
what genre is the other wind	the other wind
how was under the radar released	under the radar
what is eamon kelly known for	eamon kelly
what music does zsuzsi mary perform	zsuzsi mary
which country released shaft in africa	shaft in africa
which track is part of japan	japan
is ken baumgartner left-handed or right-handed	ken baumgartner
who was an influence on bronzino	bronzino
what event happened in dare county	dare county
who is an activism against nazism	nazism
where did verney lovett cameron die	verney lovett cameron
who published frank herbert 's dune	frank herbert 's dune
which gender is carl balhaus ?	carl balhaus
who is an electro-industrial artist ?	electro-industrial
what is eagle day 's position	eagle day
what is in nassau county ?	nassau county
which position does albert brülls play	albert brülls
what religion is charlotte casiraghi ?	charlotte casiraghi
which country was time released in	time
what is cadence skill influenced by	cadence skill
which characters did chris claremont create	chris claremont
what game did bullfrog productions develop	bullfrog productions
who wrote metropolis ( film )	metropolis
what is christopher bigsby 's profession	christopher bigsby
what language is spoken in fargo	fargo
where is ernie alexander from ?	ernie alexander
what is a track by chungking	chungking
what is bridgit mendler known for	bridgit mendler
what is the genre of lifeline	lifeline
which country artist recorded fresh horses	fresh horses
who is the child of ahinoam	ahinoam
which label was touch release on	touch
what film did james jacks produce	james jacks
what 's a song on earth	earth
who produced the theme from er	theme from er
what is a symptom of hypothyroidism	hypothyroidism
what player is a defender ?	defender
which region is located in aktau	aktau
what platform is final fantasy xi	final fantasy xi
in what district is stillwater found	stillwater
what country is naomi pharr from	naomi pharr
what country does virgil madgearu live	virgil madgearu
what film did gary foster produce	gary foster
what language was mariposa originally in	mariposa
which company produced taare zameen par	taare zameen par
what sort of album is hurricane	hurricane
where was otto krueger born ?	otto krueger
where is marine air terminal located	marine air terminal
who composed `` free '' ?	free
who is kent mclachlan 's son	kent mclachlan
which musician plays adult contemporary music	adult contemporary music
what album was history released on	history
what release is lost from ?	lost
what film genre is bacterium considered	bacterium
which film did russell mulcahy direct	russell mulcahy
what nationality is sid watkins ?	sid watkins
who was born in san diego	san diego
who is a notable first baseman	first baseman
where was mark mcgregor born ?	mark mcgregor
what music genre is yada yada	yada yada
whats the name of an album	album
what genre is the salt house	the salt house
what media type is andy dalton	andy dalton
what release is portugal on ?	portugal
which film has zhang yuan produced	zhang yuan
what is the country of summerfield	summerfield
name a famous canadian horse .	horse
where was dai prosser born ?	dai prosser
which country is mein kampf from	mein kampf
what language is spoken in searchlight	searchlight
what genre is the lost paradise	the lost paradise
who is the artist of seven	seven
what are titles of fiction books	fiction
what genre is secret treaties ?	secret treaties
what is margaret may 's profession	margaret may
what kind of game is deactivators	deactivators
who plays small forward in basketball	small forward
what genre category is 7 girls	7 girls
what is jesse archer 's nationality	jesse archer
where is george w. getty buried	george w. getty
which christopher is a professional screenwriter	screenwriter
what is joan druett 's gender	joan druett
what is henry long 's profession	henry long
what kind of movie is lesster	lesster
what language is auzaar in ?	auzaar
what genre does the curtains make	the curtains
where is the 21453 victorlevine found	21453 victorlevine
what time zone is summerville in	summerville
where did richard barr die ?	richard barr
what is a manifestation of dyspnea	dyspnea
where was vladimir dedijer born ?	vladimir dedijer
where was the waiter featured ?	the waiter
name a subsidiary of cornell university	cornell university
which time zone is dovera in	dovera
what track is part of closer	closer
where was gabriel carpenter born ?	gabriel carpenter
which track contains absolute svenskt 1.0	absolute svenskt 1.0
what type of film is kaante	kaante
what genre of music is storyboards	storyboards
what label is blue under ?	blue
what nationality is priscilla slade ?	priscilla slade
what does albert peter low do	albert peter low
who was born in dubrovnik ?	dubrovnik
is asia cruise male or female	asia cruise
what is an adventure game ?	adventure game
what city contains saint lukes college	saint lukes college
what position does harry feldman play	harry feldman
who is mother of kayla scavo	kayla scavo
what gender is john d. chandris	john d. chandris
which ethnicity is ivan meštrović ?	ivan meštrović
which industry is coles express in	coles express
where is iku language spoken ?	iku language
who is dirk bogarde 's father	dirk bogarde
what is belmont designated as ?	belmont
what language is santa in ?	santa
what type of film is subterano	subterano
what 's a country radio station	country
where is la russell located ?	la russell
who wrote the song stabat mater	stabat mater
what country are native upmanship from	native upmanship
what is a song on believe	believe
what restaurant serves canadian cuisine ?	canadian cuisine
what type of program is floris	floris
what is a mountain in alberta	alberta
where was tom schuman born ?	tom schuman
what genre is fire academy ?	fire academy
what country is little walter from	little walter
what nationality is fred hueston ?	fred hueston
who was born in prague ?	prague
what 's a track from 2001	2001
which place did george townsend die	george townsend
what is brett lee 's gender	brett lee
where did thomas s. tait die	thomas s. tait
where is siekierkowski bridge located in	siekierkowski bridge
what musician made aashiq banaya aapne	aashiq banaya aapne
what genre is the film dragonquest	dragonquest
which publisher released samurai deeper kyo	samurai deeper kyo
what is ray loring 's nationality	ray loring
where was morgan taylor reid birthed	morgan taylor reid
how did samuel needham die ?	samuel needham
in which state is menlo park	menlo park
what language is infinitamente in ?	infinitamente
how was ss morro castle shipwrecked	ss morro castle
what genre is the film mong	mong
what country was thrash patrol released	thrash patrol
what is gunther behnke 's profession	gunther behnke
what is calvin jones 's gender	calvin jones
what movie did straw weisman produce	straw weisman
what is a location in canada	canada
which actor died from lung cancer	lung cancer
what is a game by maxis	maxis
where is richard l. cevoli from	richard l. cevoli
what gender is jack mcfarland ?	jack mcfarland
which island is suva located on	suva
what time zone is victoria in	victoria
what religion does maria alexandrovna follow	maria alexandrovna
what is an album from 1995	album
which song has kurt weill written	kurt weill
who was chambers brothers named after	chambers brothers
what position did oleksiy rodevych play	oleksiy rodevych
name a location within cherokee county	cherokee county
what language was matriarche in ?	matriarche
what country is lineville in ?	lineville
what version is nba street v3	nba street v3
what title is frankenstein monster in	frankenstein
how is telemachus represented in fiction	telemachus
what film 's subject is madonna	madonna
what time zone is stanley in	stanley
what chicken is from the netherlands	the netherlands
what type of mountain is quilotoa	quilotoa
which instrument does brooks wackerman play	brooks wackerman
name a goalkeeper in soccer ?	goalkeeper
who works has steven tyler composed	steven tyler
how can campylobacter jejuni be transferred	campylobacter jejuni
which country is center township in	center township
what gender is gerardus mercator ?	gerardus mercator
what position did david gibson play	david gibson
what is glenn wilson 's nationality	glenn wilson
who produced the ghost of cain	the ghost of cain
what songs are on stay ?	stay
what position does jon stevenson play	jon stevenson
in what region was moontower released	moontower
what was the battle of tippecanoe	battle of tippecanoe
what nationality is stephen roberts ?	stephen roberts
what time zone is etna in	etna
where is john twiggs myers from	john twiggs myers
what artwork is on canvas ?	canvas
which language is spoken in aamras	aamras
who plays as a football forward	forward
what position does lou vedder play	lou vedder
what country is ottawa county in	ottawa county
which city was john souttar born	john souttar
what is segue : algeria touchshriek	segue : algeria touchshriek
what gameplay mode is starsiege ?	starsiege
name a famous publisher from boston	publisher
where was arun jaitley born ?	arun jaitley
what is lidocaine hydrochloride 100 injection	lidocaine hydrochloride 100 injection
what type of media is lemon	lemon
where was ando volando bajo filmed	ando volando bajo
which jazz musician plays electric violin	electric violin
what country speaks bamun language ?	bamun language
wat country is korbel located in	korbel
where is zig ziglar from ?	zig ziglar
who died of heart failure ?	heart failure
what radio station features dick haymes	dick haymes
who is clyde drexler 's father	clyde drexler
what gender is william arthur cochrane	william arthur cochrane
what does 10981 fransaris orbit around	10981 fransaris
which label is suga-t signed to	suga-t
what kind of book is assassins	assassins
who created the program named hellholes	hellholes
what kind of artist is fiocco	fiocco
which county can braintree be found	braintree
name a notable rock music album	rock music
what is a western film ?	western
which artist recorded feed the birds	feed the birds
which actor was born in debrecen	debrecen
what book is about sociology ?	sociology
what language is spoken in gloria	gloria
who wrote the garden of eden	the garden of eden
where did frigyes hollósi die ?	frigyes hollósi
what genre is the videogame 1942	1942
who was influenced by hugo grotius	hugo grotius
what language is in feed ?	feed
whats the title of horror film	horror film
what metro area does ckzz-fm serve	ckzz-fm
who wrote the novel eleven minutes	eleven minutes
which artist made the album 3.2.1	3.2.1
what is ahn kwon-tae 's sex	ahn kwon-tae
what type of music is singles	singles
what country released for the lions	for the lions
which tracks did matthew herbert produce	matthew herbert
where did thomas griffin pass away	thomas griffin
what kind of release is equator	equator
where is village of culpeper located	village of culpeper
what gender is yu luoke ?	yu luoke
is eugen steinach male or female	eugen steinach
what is mark barnes 's gender	mark barnes
which country is heavy d from	heavy d
what gender is cesare dandini ?	cesare dandini
who is someone born in chhatarpur	chhatarpur
what country is ya-che yang from	ya-che yang
where did manuel montt pass away	manuel montt
which diet is radish compatible with	radish
what tourist attraction is in peoria	peoria
who was born in salzburg ?	salzburg
what is an oval shaped drug	oval
what genre is the film pilgrim	pilgrim
what is howard scott 's gender	howard scott
in what format is japan released	japan
which country is robbie fulks from	robbie fulks
who was the writer of coven	coven
what 's a book about folklore	folklore
what instrument did carlo farina play	carlo farina
what entity is leningrad–novgorod offensive ?	leningrad–novgorod offensive
what is the format of kqzz	kqzz
what track is part of england	england
whats that nationality of mariusz hermanowicz	mariusz hermanowicz
what is a track by provision	provision
what is roger zelazny 's background	roger zelazny
where can the galaț river found	galaț river
what 's gabriele santini 's gender	gabriele santini
who is a famous african american	african american
which symbol was after bartlett laffey	bartlett laffey
which historian did adam smith influence	adam smith
where did warren white pass away	warren white
which city is homestead found is	homestead
what is a legal nurse consultant	legal nurse consultant
avatar 3 is in what language	avatar 3
what song did cy coleman compose	cy coleman
what binding is orlando in ?	orlando
what are types of compilation albums	compilation
who is someone born in grenoble	grenoble
what 's an edition of mathematics	mathematics
what ingredient is active in strychnine	strychnine
what nationality is ejnar nettelbladt ?	ejnar nettelbladt
what is ketan anand 's nationality	ketan anand
what country is lake pedder in	lake pedder
what is that spanish named album	album
what recording featured the track pastor	pastor
what genre is tam lin ?	tam lin
which footballer was born in tralee	tralee
what position did paweł thomik play	paweł thomik
what does ricky martin do ?	ricky martin
where was zorz skrigin born ?	zorz skrigin
which artist sang the song federation	federation
what type of album is prowincja	prowincja
where can stony point be found	stony point
whats an album by the districts	album
what sex is raj singh chaudhary	raj singh chaudhary
which region was villalog released in	villalog
is daria werbowy male or female	daria werbowy
which country released beyond the rocks	beyond the rocks
which country is barronett located in	barronett
what movie is in adventure film	adventure film
which console is moto roader on	moto roader
what river does mississippi partially contain	mississippi
name a popular pop music album	pop music
where did dith pran pass away	dith pran
who is daughter of shanna moakler	shanna moakler
which position does séamus coleman play	séamus coleman
what format is vinnie colaiuta in	vinnie colaiuta
what region released cool & collected	cool & collected
what 's merl lindsay 's sex	merl lindsay
what is shingo matsuzaki known as	shingo matsuzaki
which country is johnny williamson from	johnny williamson
which country is nicola arigliano from	nicola arigliano
what film did hank azaria produce	hank azaria
what movie did sam katzman produce	sam katzman
what is roland dieckmann famous for	roland dieckmann
what is reggie love 's profession	reggie love
what was written in moving experiences	moving experiences
what organization did sergey ilyushin found	sergey ilyushin
what is a track from indiana	indiana
where did thomas wharton jr. die	thomas wharton jr.
what is aymoré moreira 's nationality	aymoré moreira
who is sandy durdin 's son	sandy durdin
who wrote the science of sleep	the science of sleep
which county is cedar hill in	cedar hill
what types of game is insane	insane
how did james rachels die ?	james rachels
what empire did valentinian i lead	valentinian i
what would be labeled speculative fiction	speculative fiction
where did esther rolle die ?	esther rolle
what gender is natalie tong ?	natalie tong
what is inna gulaya 's profession	inna gulaya
what is inky mark 's gender	inky mark
what is jun song known for	jun song
who was dream boy created by	dream boy
is deena a male or female	deena
where was rick stein born ?	rick stein
what was headlines release format ?	headlines
what is ben zyskowicz 's gender	ben zyskowicz
who created the character lee child	lee child
what types of movement is zionism	zionism
which label is cassidy signed to	cassidy
is mark ritchie male or female	mark ritchie
which film did john ford directed	john ford
what is willem wilmink 's occupation	willem wilmink
what country is yoo seung-ho from	yoo seung-ho
what is burhan qurbani known for	burhan qurbani
what is stuart hendrie 's nationality	stuart hendrie
what type of cheese is parmigiano-reggiano	parmigiano-reggiano
where was john hainkel born ?	john hainkel
who is danny bonaduce 's mother	danny bonaduce
what was muhammad yunus 's invention	muhammad yunus
what river is in russia ?	russia
which country is the interpreter from	the interpreter
who wrote the book treasure island	treasure island
what sort of movie is honeypot	honeypot
what language does chinese australian speak	chinese australian
what release did warrior come from	warrior
what is linda lusardi 's nationality	linda lusardi
who was the author of worship	worship
what country is mike bruner from	mike bruner
which country is tito larriva from	tito larriva
who directed the film kishen kanhaiya	kishen kanhaiya
what industry is paccar in ?	paccar
what was polly becker 's occupation	polly becker
what type of harbor is burgeo	burgeo
what does the amateur talk about	the amateur
what category of music is beloved	beloved
where is pawnee county located ?	pawnee county
what is giulio cantoni profession ?	giulio cantoni
who was franklin named after ?	franklin
what county is john hardin from	john hardin
where was daniel bekono originally from	daniel bekono
what is a track off trafalgar	trafalgar
what power did johnny sorrow have	johnny sorrow
what type of release is australia	australia
what is a hound dog track	hound dog
which objects orbits around the sun	the sun
which position does maksym hramm play	maksym hramm
which range is fir mountain in	fir mountain
what is luisa rossi 's nationality	luisa rossi
what woman composed one hit ?	one hit
what position did choi chang-yong play	choi chang-yong
who composed the film killer instinct	killer instinct
what gender is vesta williams ?	vesta williams
what artist did the recording heather	heather
what country is cowan lake within	cowan lake
what is lou bevil 's job	lou bevil
where was osvaldo golijov born ?	osvaldo golijov
what was the shrine painted on	the shrine
name a new wave music artist	new wave music
who died from ballistic trauma ?	ballistic trauma
what movie has theme as music	music
who 's a venezuelan third baseman	third baseman
what country is charleston in ?	charleston
what is a computer hardware company	computer hardware
what song is by swizz beatz	swizz beatz
what is highgate rise written about	highgate rise
is miles hindman male or female	miles hindman
which drug formulations are biologic ?	biologic
what instrument does damien rice play	damien rice
what position does mike varty play	mike varty
where is warragamba river located in	warragamba river
the album klopfzeichen is what type	klopfzeichen
which state is marshville located in	marshville
who released the track birth ?	birth
which gender is rudra mohammad shahidullah	rudra mohammad shahidullah
what is a 2010 fantasy movie	fantasy
where was johann christian kittel born	johann christian kittel
what is ion dragoumis known for	ion dragoumis
who composed hero of the day	hero of the day
what language is at last sung	at last
what gender is kaspar munk ?	kaspar munk
who is seepersad naipaul 's child	seepersad naipaul
which artist released the saga continues	the saga continues
what genre is house of danger	house of danger
what is jay mcguiness regarded as	jay mcguiness
what music genre is blues license	blues license
what kind of book is night	night
where did zygmunt hobot die ?	zygmunt hobot
who was born in bandel ?	bandel
in which region is ramerupt located	ramerupt
who is a delta blues artist	delta blues
where was matthew locke born ?	matthew locke
what is a recording from ambassador	ambassador
who was an astronaut on sts-111	sts-111
which tracks did a-ha produce ?	a-ha
what genre is the unknown purple	the unknown purple
what country is lourdes benedicto from	lourdes benedicto
which track is created by schicke-führs-fröhling	schicke-führs-fröhling
what area did hurricane alicia affect	hurricane alicia
what tv program is documentary film	documentary film
who was born in sombor ?	sombor
who is the publisher of utilitarianism	utilitarianism
what 's an airport near umnak	umnak
what format was independência released as	independência
what time zone is denmark within	denmark
witch french department is chevrainvilliers located	chevrainvilliers
what language is spoken in singapore	singapore
what gender is santiago fusilier ?	santiago fusilier
what book genre is the stray	the stray
where is the location of centercrest	centercrest
what is wedgewood heights , edmonton	wedgewood heights , edmonton
which country does adalita srsen represent	adalita srsen
which state is bethel located in	bethel
what is orciprenaline used to treat	orciprenaline
which country is thaddeus hyatt from	thaddeus hyatt
what is the soundtrack from london	london
where was roosevelt sykes born ?	roosevelt sykes
what kind of album is bayonetta	bayonetta
name a city in allegheny county	allegheny county
name a christian rock artist .	christian rock
what is 2010 ( film )	2010
which state contains san diego chargers	san diego chargers
what kind of program was gajim	gajim
what artist is a blues-rock ?	blues-rock
what is johnny bach known for	johnny bach
who wrote the lyrics for always	always
is george puttenham male or female	george puttenham
where in europe is motta sant'anastasia	motta sant'anastasia
what is paul ricoeur known for	paul ricoeur
where was harry revel born ?	harry revel
what kind of book is dreamslip	dreamslip
where is antonio da correggio from	antonio da correggio
what song has david johansen released	david johansen
what nationality is kenneth utt ?	kenneth utt
what religion does zou yan have	zou yan
what region was wishing well released	wishing well
who developed the game final fight	final fight
name an experimental rock album .	experimental rock
what release is changeling off of	changeling
what is david rappaport 's ethnicity	david rappaport
what is roy sinclair 's possition	roy sinclair
what city is billy hall from	billy hall
what city is located in italy	italy
where is mimei ogawa from ?	mimei ogawa
where was august tripplehorn orser born	august tripplehorn orser
what is an emo album ?	emo
name a child of alan minter	alan minter
which country is youssef maaty from	youssef maaty
what movie is drama in netflix	drama
where did john wycliffe die ?	john wycliffe
who is a philosopher of epistemology	epistemology
what record is believe part of	believe
what time zone is siderno in	siderno
what film did edward burns produce	edward burns
who wrote come on danger !	come on danger !
what instrument did jack lemmon play	jack lemmon
what is eulalie spence 's profession	eulalie spence
what type of software is yakuake	yakuake
what is israel horovitz 's profession	israel horovitz
what gender is annemette andersen ?	annemette andersen
who was next move 's grandsire	next move
where was chris young born ?	chris young
who is a singer did kymx	kymx
who is a soccer goalkeeper ?	goalkeeper
which larger area is antiparos within	antiparos
where is la razón circulated ?	la razón
what is pavel argeyev 's gender	pavel argeyev
which genre of film is gabi	gabi
how did petar miloševski die ?	petar miloševski
what country is mummies based in	mummies
name a recording by nelson mandela	nelson mandela
where was lilia moritz schwarcz born	lilia moritz schwarcz
what was the gender of llyron	llyron
where was john knowles herr burried	john knowles herr
where was wash westmoreland born ?	wash westmoreland
what position does júnior morales play	júnior morales
who created the story for sabotage	sabotage
what genre is family ties ?	family ties
where was laura belloso born ?	laura belloso
who composed the rebecca song ?	rebecca
what is joe carey 's gender	joe carey
where is rhys chatham from ?	rhys chatham
what gender is eric underwood ?	eric underwood
what is kelly knox 's gender	kelly knox
what is elvis fléming 's nationality	elvis fléming
what type of album is be	be
what films are about z-boys ?	z-boys
what album features the track baltimore	baltimore
what is evita 's gender ?	evita
which position does emilio nsue play	emilio nsue
who released dead end justice ?	dead end justice
where is simon heath from ?	simon heath
which release included the recording tokyo	tokyo
what faith does patricia blevins practice	patricia blevins
what is one location of westminster	westminster
what is madri 's sex ?	madri
who recorded paid in full ?	paid in full
where was lyn collingwood born ?	lyn collingwood
how did nancy deale die ?	nancy deale
name a fiction literary book .	fiction
who has jerzy neyman influenced ?	jerzy neyman
who did cinematography for jersey girl	jersey girl
who wrote the turkish passion ?	the turkish passion
what book genre is keep still	keep still
who executively produced frozen river ?	frozen river
in which city was physics published	physics
what form was flesh released in	flesh
what films did jeannot szwarc direct	jeannot szwarc
what netflix genre is sau crore	sau crore
where is saint anne located ?	saint anne
where was bjarne corydon born ?	bjarne corydon
what is g-13 ( gaby )	g-13
which production company filmed magician mickey	magician mickey
which state did oscar dunn die	oscar dunn
who wrote aliens ate my homework	aliens ate my homework
which neighborhood is five points in	five points
what programs has scott mosier created	scott mosier
who was born in tokyo ?	tokyo
what artwork did daniel libeskind study	daniel libeskind
what is a memoir book ?	memoir
what label signed zendee rose tenerefe	zendee rose tenerefe
what netflix genre is insomnia ?	insomnia
which ethnicity is mariah carey ?	mariah carey
who composed ten little indians ?	ten little indians
what is kim perrot 's ethnicity	kim perrot
where is the extraterrestrial prandtl located	prandtl
what type of game is toheart	toheart
which track released paint a picture	paint a picture
where was małgorzata foremniak born ?	małgorzata foremniak
what netflix genre is american splendor	american splendor
what gender best categorizes george o'boyle	george o'boyle
what is hob gadling 's sex	hob gadling
what book genre is neverness ?	neverness
which county is montgomery county in	montgomery county
what tracks did vini reilly produce	vini reilly
where was sydney park born ?	sydney park
what discovery did palomar observatory make	palomar observatory
where was mary arden born ?	mary arden
what instrument does fred tackett play	fred tackett
what is a track from glendale	glendale
what 's a release from dangerous	dangerous
what country is dumont in ?	dumont
which record is part of jamaica	jamaica
what kind of film is mirrors	mirrors
where did frank o. spinney die	frank o. spinney
where was yu seon-dong born ?	yu seon-dong
what position does kieran darlow play	kieran darlow
what is george rumbold 's nationality	george rumbold
which label is nile signed to	nile
which star system contains 13058 alfredstevens	13058 alfredstevens
what is a release from fever	fever
what is gwen grayson known for	gwen grayson
what ethnicity is patrick hager ?	patrick hager
which star does 5568 mufson orbit	5568 mufson
what sort of film is kim	kim
which city was henry suzzallo born	henry suzzallo
what is a drama film ?	drama film
who is a production designer ?	production designer
where did gene krupa originate ?	gene krupa
what songs are by taylor swift	taylor swift
what is the university of kerala	university of kerala
where is san nazzaro , campania	san nazzaro , campania
in what country was jukebox released	jukebox
which release is soldier on ?	soldier
what state is grandview in ?	grandview
what release includes the track evolution	evolution
what county is chester included in	chester
what movie is a comedy ?	comedy
what area contains river yare ?	river yare
which instrument does byther smith play	byther smith
what is a pop music album	pop music
which country is split to vietnam	vietnam
who directed the episode rumors ?	rumors
what is laura dawe 's gender	laura dawe
what is a drama on netflix	drama
what disease uses radiation therapy ?	radiation therapy
what film format is slippage in	slippage
what language is yancy derringer in	yancy derringer
what would be called a drama	drama
what category of film is panorama	panorama
which city did rudolf fernau die	rudolf fernau
what kinds of music is catalyst	catalyst
what 's suffield 's zip code	suffield
who plays death metal music ?	death metal
which artist recorded the crawling distance	the crawling distance
what genre is aol instant messenger	aol instant messenger
which city uses mountain time zone	mountain time zone
which city was ayako shirasaki born	ayako shirasaki
how was the book terry bound	terry
what artist plays mainstream jazz ?	mainstream jazz
which track is part of jazz	jazz
which movement was ruth kligman involved	ruth kligman
what nationality is bob hardison ?	bob hardison
where did sándor hindy die ?	sándor hindy
what nationality is tom courtenay from	tom courtenay
what album featured the song catwoman	catwoman
what albums did ella fitzgerald record	ella fitzgerald
where did river poddle start from	river poddle
who was born in los angeles	los angeles
who composed little bit of love	little bit of love
which country contains sulphur spring ?	sulphur spring
how did brian spencer die ?	brian spencer
what is the format of warm	warm
which county is clackamas located in	clackamas
what kind of being is t-x	t-x
how did joel hirschhorn die ?	joel hirschhorn
which character is a diplomat ?	diplomat
what position does roger vonlanthen play	roger vonlanthen
abbotskerswell is in what county ?	abbotskerswell
what did amy ray compose ?	amy ray
who was the writer of d-war	d-war
who plays forward in football ?	forward
which instrument does donald brown play	donald brown
what series did karen traviss write	karen traviss
what country is amadi filmed ?	amadi
what does 5991 ivavladis orbit ?	5991 ivavladis
cold fish is in which language	cold fish
which city did keith joseph die	keith joseph
who is a child of vairamuthu	vairamuthu
who is someone born in london	london
what genre is rasoolan bai ?	rasoolan bai
what type of artist was ira	ira
in what language was scarlett filmed	scarlett
what is ontario highway 148 ?	ontario highway 148
who was farragut named after ?	farragut
name a 2007 american film parody	parody
what label is hi-tek signed to	hi-tek
what country is joey kibble from	joey kibble
what is john craven 's etnicity	john craven
where is claus bjørn larsen from	claus bjørn larsen
who did dante alighieri influence ?	dante alighieri
where did adam schaff die ?	adam schaff
who is born in accra ?	accra
who is the owner of wsoc-fm	wsoc-fm
who wrote the song freaky friday	freaky friday
what ethnicity is julie payette ?	julie payette
what position did admir smajić play	admir smajić
who wrote sleeping with the dictionary	sleeping with the dictionary
what 's a university in quebec	quebec
who is the lyricist of forever	forever
who was born in chicago ?	chicago
where does leine originate from ?	leine
what kind of genre is deliverance	deliverance
which city was sadako sawamura born	sadako sawamura
which artist recorded interlude 3 ?	interlude 3
where was shamil khan given birth	shamil khan
what denomination does farooq abdullah practice	farooq abdullah
what is a million little pieces	a million little pieces
what kind of film is kronos	kronos
where was copenhagen released in ?	copenhagen
name a 90 's breakbeat album	breakbeat
which country is guy côté from	guy côté
which country fabricates zydone 7.5/400 tablet	zydone 7.5/400 tablet
what label is katatonia signed with	katatonia
where was the griper filmed ?	the griper
which country produced tenoretic 100/25 tablet	tenoretic 100/25 tablet
which song is part of history	history
which city was kolinda grabar-kitarović born	kolinda grabar-kitarović
where was irmantas zelmikas born ?	irmantas zelmikas
which film did christopher eberts produce	christopher eberts
what time zone is tulalip bay	tulalip bay
what country is shawnta rogers from	shawnta rogers
what 's a track from unfaithful	unfaithful
what is anne andreu known for	anne andreu
what album is drowning from ?	drowning
what is the song of blues	blues
where is josh woodward from ?	josh woodward
what is a city in arabah	arabah
what are tourist destinations in lincoln	lincoln
what album has metalcore music ?	metalcore
who is the author of babbitt	babbitt
which city was zsolt bognár born	zsolt bognár
which dogs have a fearless temperament	fearless
what instrument does paul bley play	paul bley
which continent is koshtan-tau within ?	koshtan-tau
what was free released on ?	free
where did erich juskowiak die ?	erich juskowiak
who is the author of demian	demian
who recorded the album french soul	french soul
what is motoko kusanagi 's gender	motoko kusanagi
name a soul music album .	soul music
what composition did mike oldfield compose	mike oldfield
what gender is hso khan pha	hso khan pha
what position does john doolan play	john doolan
what kind of cuisine is samgyeopsal	samgyeopsal
what genre is persepolis classified as	persepolis
what is virendra bhatia known for	virendra bhatia
gannet can be classified as what	gannet
what 's a work about psychology	psychology
what political party believes economic liberalism	economic liberalism
who published dead man 's hand	dead man 's hand
who was born in prague ?	prague
which song is part of believe	believe
who wrote the song graveyard shift	graveyard shift
what organization produced 9 to 5	9 to 5
what is the fire next time	the fire next time
what country was nordborg released in	nordborg
which star does 7550 woolum orbit	7550 woolum
what is the zaniza zapotec language	zaniza zapotec language
what artist made the album 3.6.3	3.6.3
what is shaun groves 's nationality	shaun groves
where did king kennedy die ?	king kennedy
who died from heart failure ?	heart failure
what artist recorded deep purple ?	deep purple
who was born in rome ?	rome
where is the location onore found	onore
which instrument does dušan kojić play	dušan kojić
what is michael boehnke 's nationality	michael boehnke
what is harri heliövaara 's gender	harri heliövaara
who composed boulevard of broken dreams	boulevard of broken dreams
who is dylan thomas 's child	dylan thomas
what genre of software is teamcity	teamcity
name a location in babil governorate	babil governorate
what are works of comics ?	comics
what structures did thomas verity design	thomas verity
where is brice assie 's nationality	brice assie
whats an example of an album	album
who is the recorded manic depression	manic depression
what album is in time featured	in time
joe firmage founded what organization ?	joe firmage
what platform is pipe dream on	pipe dream
what are books about technology ?	technology
whats a town in north carolina	north carolina
who is a famous zionism activist	zionism
what country is theodore schwan from	theodore schwan
what track is on jerusalem ?	jerusalem
where is andy milder from ?	andy milder
what genre is the album garbage	garbage
what country is alec bregonzi from	alec bregonzi
which color represents golden gate university	golden gate university
who are the founders of daystar	daystar
what position does giorgi tsimakuridze play	giorgi tsimakuridze
what position did beniamino abate play	beniamino abate
what album did angela hewitt release	angela hewitt
what genre is the dark knight	the dark knight
what is joe o'donnell birth place	joe o'donnell
what country contains helena valley southeast	helena valley southeast
what track is by sev ?	sev
where is the artist emmie from	emmie
what is a model known for	model
who was born in inverness ?	inverness
what nation is per hækkerup from	per hækkerup
what album is fall featured on	fall
what is a track from vienna	vienna
what religion does jaja wachuku practice	jaja wachuku
what is elizabeth cervantes 's nationality	elizabeth cervantes
who was born in soviet union	soviet union
who was born in ireland ?	ireland
what is william mcneill 's gender	william mcneill
who wrote the film daniel pyne	daniel pyne
where is jonathan caouette from ?	jonathan caouette
which country is drexel heights in	drexel heights
who did production design on stay	stay
what kind of music is weird	weird
in what country was flatland flimed	flatland
days of thunder contained what song	days of thunder
what country is claremore lake in	claremore lake
where did rolandas pavilionis become deceased	rolandas pavilionis
what are songs by amos lee	amos lee
what is lissy gulick 's gender	lissy gulick
where did george m. carleton die	george m. carleton
what is fernando leguizamón 's gender	fernando leguizamón
who was the artist of fresco	fresco
what is nate ramsey 's position	nate ramsey
what religion does newt gingrich practice	newt gingrich
what release is language from ?	language
what is a 1921 drama film	drama film
what is the profession of ramjack	ramjack
what is luke wright 's gender	luke wright
is the techniques reggae or rock	the techniques
who was involved in vietnam war	vietnam war
what is gardener 's gender ?	gardener
where was ben griffin born ?	ben griffin
frances paige was born here .	frances paige
which olympic held 1984 summer olympics	1984 summer olympics
what nationality is ragne veensalu ?	ragne veensalu
what is a volleyball team ?	volleyball
what is elizabeth taylor 's religion	elizabeth taylor
in what language is brum spoken	brum
who is 30788 angekauffmann named after	30788 angekauffmann
where was alejandro luna born ?	alejandro luna
what is jan garbarek 's ethnicity	jan garbarek
where is the tulehu language spoken	tulehu language
who was born in olomouc ?	olomouc
where was robert j. eaton born	robert j. eaton
does keith olsen play bass guitar	keith olsen
what are tracks by juelz santana	juelz santana
what kind of film is novocaine	novocaine
where are the ellsworth mountains located	ellsworth mountains
who was born in nanded ?	nanded
which country is yahya khan from	yahya khan
which regency is amlapura located in	amlapura
what is a netflix suspense title	suspense
which american actor contracted aids ?	aids
what religion does chandana jayarathne follow	chandana jayarathne
what was mace windu fictional power	mace windu
what is mike quade 's gender	mike quade
what is hilary beard known for	hilary beard
is bud sprague male or female	bud sprague
which state is bennetts point in	bennetts point
what is a city near užice	užice
which version is part of atlanta	atlanta
what kind of game is varicella	varicella
which political party ascribes to marxism–leninism	marxism–leninism
what language was spoken in delicious	delicious
who composed dirt road blues ?	dirt road blues
what is joanna baillie 's occupation	joanna baillie
where was robert l. kellogg born	robert l. kellogg
which english philosopher influenced adriana cavarero	adriana cavarero
what is rudolf kastner 's religion	rudolf kastner
where is río negro located ?	río negro
what album was 1995 released on	1995
what type of movie is stingaree	stingaree
what gender is jiří plojhar ?	jiří plojhar
whats an album released in 1988	album
who is the writer of rififi	rififi
what time zone is canmore in	canmore
which film did jackie cooper direct	jackie cooper
what is caitlin blackwood 's profession	caitlin blackwood
what is oxycodone hydrochloride 40 tablet	oxycodone hydrochloride 40 tablet
who composed the piece riptide ?	riptide
is dimitris myrat male or female	dimitris myrat
who was born in saint petersburg	saint petersburg
who is the engineer for avenue	avenue
name a artist with shady records	shady records
larry davis died of what ?	larry davis
who is the author of poems	poems
where was sigrid d. peyerimhoff born	sigrid d. peyerimhoff
what is a belief of calvinism	calvinism
what music is used in secrets	secrets
what state is johnny ross from	johnny ross
which release was solomon on ?	solomon
who is sean porteous signed with	sean porteous
what is kid handsome famous for	kid handsome
which municipality is glostrup located in	glostrup
where was eric kress born ?	eric kress
which song has mahogany rush created	mahogany rush
what lyrics did bob dylan write	bob dylan
what is a song on poems	poems
where did c. wesley roberts die	c. wesley roberts
what program is an animation ?	animation
what county does vevay belong to	vevay
what is andré gumprecht 's nationality	andré gumprecht
what album is fidget house ?	fidget
where was andrew goldberg born ?	andrew goldberg
which religion does suhaila seddiqi practice	suhaila seddiqi
what gender is didz hammond ?	didz hammond
which release is metaphysics from ?	metaphysics
what was yellow sky adapted from	yellow sky
what airports are near porto ?	porto
where did henry sandish die ?	henry sandish
what country gives eros vlahos nationality	eros vlahos
where was allegra giagu born ?	allegra giagu
where did john ireland die ?	john ireland
what 's the book tomatoland about	tomatoland
which transportation system services brussels ?	brussels ?
where was eir aoi born ?	eir aoi
who died a death from laughter	death from laughter
who was alan greenspan influenced by	alan greenspan
which film genre is olympia from	olympia
what genre is bubble boy ?	bubble boy
where was john george bowes from	john george bowes
what is an album from broadway	album
which language did lisa tuttle speak	lisa tuttle
what belief does david archuleta practice	david archuleta
who authored one of ours ?	one of ours
what was invented by eugene roshal	eugene roshal
what does 12411 tannokayo orbit ?	12411 tannokayo
who recorded t for texas ?	t for texas
whats the nationality of gabriel agbonlahor	gabriel agbonlahor
who created the character iron lantern	iron lantern
where did jim boyd pass away	jim boyd
what country is greg toler from	greg toler
dwayne roloson was born here .	dwayne roloson
who was born in greenwich ?	greenwich
what notable type is biagio marin	biagio marin
where did edmond s. meany die	edmond s. meany
where was leonel kaplan born ?	leonel kaplan
what genre is the parallax view	the parallax view
where did nathan barnert die ?	nathan barnert
what position does rohan marley play	rohan marley
where was michael schweighöfer born ?	michael schweighöfer
who was the parent of commodus	commodus
what country is oksana buraja from	oksana buraja
what film did joe carnahan write	joe carnahan
what is howard komives 's gender	howard komives
where is marojejy national park located	marojejy national park
does crawler play blues-rock or classical	crawler
what country is paul gratzik from	paul gratzik
what kind of movie is transported	transported
is zhang ziyi female or male	zhang ziyi
what kind of mountain is chiles	chiles
what celestial object is 2974 holden	2974 holden
what nationality is lucille clifton ?	lucille clifton
where did roger marquis die	roger marquis
how does engelbert zaschka identify	engelbert zaschka
where is stephen mao from	stephen mao
what language is viper in	viper
who influenced michael mcdowell ?	michael mcdowell
where was michael dotson born	michael dotson
where was johannes messenius born	johannes messenius
how was phrenology released ?	phrenology
where is buckingham palace located	buckingham palace
who was born in prague	prague
where was guy pnini born	guy pnini
name a rock music album	rock music
who recorded the song baby	baby
what nationality is kata gellen	kata gellen
where was walter chrysler born	walter chrysler
what artist influenced ellsworth kelly	ellsworth kelly
which nationality is yonatan rozen	yonatan rozen
what platform is q*bert on	q*bert
which cvg genre is spooks	spooks
what gender is daniela cristofori	daniela cristofori
how did beatrice hsu die	beatrice hsu
where was eddie smith born	eddie smith
what does 2674 pandarus orbit	2674 pandarus
who recorded victory 2004 ?	victory 2004
what state is riegelwood in	riegelwood
what county is coalton in	coalton
who was born in catania	catania
where was walter müller born	walter müller
what is a compilation album	compilation album
what country contains skeleton lake	skeleton lake
what is shine rated ?	shine
who wrote the film issues	issues
name a city in hungary	hungary
what gender is mohinder suresh	mohinder suresh
what religion does vijay practice	vijay
what genre is heavyheavylowlow ?	heavyheavylowlow
what are compilation albums ?	compilation
where did prescott chaplin die	prescott chaplin
where was perry brass birthed	perry brass
what band recorded blown away	blown away
which country uses ndali language	ndali language
name an action film .	action film
which group recorded santa claus	santa claus
name a drama film .	drama film
where are sparks hill located	sparks hill
who developed rick dangerous 2	rick dangerous 2
which musician plays folk rock	folk rock
which industry is m.net corporation	m.net corporation
who sang the song savannah	savannah
where was sjafruddin prawiranegara born	sjafruddin prawiranegara
who wrote the book strega	strega
where was gerald davis born	gerald davis
where was hank cochran birthed	hank cochran
what gender is hawkman ?	hawkman
what gender is gina belafonte	gina belafonte
what gender is laura kirkpatrick	laura kirkpatrick
name a piano player .	piano
what organization published the cry	the cry
which country released homeland union	homeland union
what gender is joel bender	joel bender
where was mysterious creatures released	mysterious creatures
what was africa released on	africa
what is abyss ' power	abyss
what nationality is b. visser	b. visser
what is a chinese album	album
where was poems published ?	poems
what is alain sutter position	alain sutter
what does henry nielsen do	henry nielsen
name a history book .	history
name a location within germany	germany
what ethnicity is george wald	george wald
which country is kilkeel in	kilkeel
who produced the film adelaide	adelaide
where is rafael perestrello from	rafael perestrello
who directed the spanish gypsy	the spanish gypsy
what person played forward ?	forward
who produced the ladykillers ?	the ladykillers
what is constantinos mina gender	constantinos mina
where is the town stateline	stateline
where was yuriy furta birthed	yuriy furta
what book is from brittany	brittany
where is teme language spoken	teme language
which cyclone affected south korea	south korea
where is mont maudit located	mont maudit
which country contains valencian community	valencian community
who produced miss potter ?	miss potter
where is smoking popes from	smoking popes
what county is plymouth in	plymouth
where was le toasteur filmed	le toasteur
what country made film perduto	film perduto
what gender is otto nagel	otto nagel
how did david hallifax die	david hallifax
which ethnicity is helen rege	helen rege
who performs heavy metal music	heavy metal music
name a romance genre flim	romance
what country is mlvti in	mlvti
where did joe smith die	joe smith
name a famous film director	film director
what does brian jones play	brian jones
fumihiko maki designed what structure	fumihiko maki
name a dance-pop album .	dance-pop
where is mario dragunsky from	mario dragunsky
what west air 's hub	west air
where did zora božinová die	zora božinová
who created new wave music	new wave music
where was liliane gerenstein born	liliane gerenstein
what country does securitymetrics serve	securitymetrics
which label signed trent reznor	trent reznor
who died from asphyxia ?	asphyxia
where was emily barlow born	emily barlow
name a location in europe	europe
what nationality is marcos tébar	marcos tébar
where is scott rudolph from	scott rudolph
in what country is floral	floral
what religion does julian practice	julian
what is sanctimony 's genre	sanctimony
who published thrill drive 3	thrill drive 3
who released the recording africa	africa
what does 12611 ingres orbit	12611 ingres
what song did tsunku compose	tsunku
whats the subject of fiasco	fiasco
which country is dicomano in	dicomano
where did jay robinson die	jay robinson
whats chang apana 's ethnicity	chang apana
what nationality is k. rajagopal	k. rajagopal
what album is alternative rock	alternative rock
where was delly ranx born	delly ranx
name a romance film .	romance film
who writes folk music ?	folk music
where did operation ardennes occur	operation ardennes
bad includes what self-titled track	bad
who is 赤之绘卷 by ?	赤之绘卷
how can pac-pix be classified	pac-pix
who was born in rendsburg	rendsburg
what country contains laguna seca	laguna seca
which state is teddy located	teddy
where was jocelyne lagarde born	jocelyne lagarde
what is law school ?	law school
which country released fionn costello	fionn costello
where is masse broberg from	masse broberg
where was dudley foster born	dudley foster
what gender is kinya aikawa	kinya aikawa
where did ernest shackleton die	ernest shackleton
where is alcovy forest located	alcovy forest
where was patsy tebeau born	patsy tebeau
where is sheila larken from	sheila larken
eye97 broadcasted what artist ?	eye97
who plays the piano ?	piano
where was paul shipton born	paul shipton
where did leone giraldoni die	leone giraldoni
where was jeff manship born	jeff manship
who directed the film vellinakshatram	vellinakshatram
what books are mystery books	mystery
whom did patricia churchland influence	patricia churchland
what was christianity written about	christianity
who died from emphysema ?	emphysema
what breed is domestic rabbit	domestic rabbit
what music genre is grooverider	grooverider
what book discusses about dating	dating
where is tom uren from	tom uren
which gender is omoni oboli	omoni oboli
where was 4974 elford discovered	4974 elford
what is a composition song	song
who did maurice merleau-ponty influence	maurice merleau-ponty
where was lehmber hussainpuri born	lehmber hussainpuri
name a rock music artist	rock music
which artwork is in baroque	baroque
what does 11664 kashiwagi orbit	11664 kashiwagi
what timezone is binnenmaas in	binnenmaas
who created lady penelope creighton-ward	lady penelope creighton-ward
what gender is eric luse	eric luse
who composed romantic ukare mode	romantic ukare mode
where is constance towers from	constance towers
what instrument does butterscotch play	butterscotch
what musician wrote riccardo primo	riccardo primo
what genre is bitterblue considered	bitterblue
where did mahendranath gupta die	mahendranath gupta
name a voice actor .	voice actor
which character is human ?	human
which city locates bhadrak district	bhadrak district
who released believe you me	believe you me
where did gorguts originate from	gorguts
what is harbord collegiate institute	harbord collegiate institute
where is castel focognano located	castel focognano
who is a male character	male
which movie is documentary film	documentary film
where was karl burdach born	karl burdach
what orbits the sun ?	the sun
what did lysander spooner author	lysander spooner
where was doug west born	doug west
name a progressive rock album	progressive rock
where was arata furuta born	arata furuta
what gender is marek koterski	marek koterski
what polish movie is drama	drama
where was katie cassidy born	katie cassidy
what does stephan grossmann do	stephan grossmann
who composed the kiss ?	the kiss
what gender is melchior berri	melchior berri
what 's a romance film	romance film
what artist recorded french ?	french
what sex of zlata is	zlata
which country is pocoyo from	pocoyo
where was dimitar penev born	dimitar penev
what is university of connecticut	university of connecticut
what is a 9822 hajduková	9822 hajduková
who authored and edited mike	mike
name a cherry flavored drug	cherry
what state is bishop in	bishop
what formatting does ricochet have	ricochet
name a 1971 drama film	drama film
who developed mass effect galaxy	mass effect galaxy
where was djoumin sangaré born	djoumin sangaré
name a compilation album .	compilation album
what ethnicity is robert aumann	robert aumann
what did peter flannery write	peter flannery
which album is live album	live album
who recorded the song cairo	cairo
where did bartolomé blanche die	bartolomé blanche
where does bela fleck originate	bela fleck
what nationality is matt lindstrom	matt lindstrom
what position is pavel badea	pavel badea
what is an infectious disease	infectious disease
where is hadlyme located ?	hadlyme
which album is pop rock	pop rock
what is an electro-industrial genre	electro-industrial
where is lillian evanti from	lillian evanti
which artist specialize in painting	painting
what country is cuveglio in	cuveglio
name a defender in football	defender
where does continent take place	continent
name a biographical film .	biographical film
where was david dunn born	david dunn
where was moira lynd born	moira lynd
which gender is rolf henne	rolf henne
isabel sanford practices what religion	isabel sanford
where was arna-maria winchester born	arna-maria winchester
who is a fictional artist	artist
who directed the film murder	murder
what profession is esm-artificial ?	esm-artificial
where was margaret way born	margaret way
is bloodline fiction or non-fiction	bloodline
what country created the trust	the trust
what gender is claude dolbert	claude dolbert
what genre is harlock saga	harlock saga
where did luther gulick die	luther gulick
which artist recorded remember me	remember me
what organism is jack tafari	jack tafari
what sex is david brazier	david brazier
what is make your mind	make your mind
in what country is shark	shark
who recorded the song israel	israel
who was born in michigan	michigan
who produced the song nobody	nobody
where is metompkin located ?	metompkin
how was boss hog released	boss hog
which state locates gregory township	gregory township
where was mike gossin born	mike gossin
what album was poison on	poison
who produced hands up !	hands up !
who was born in tehran	tehran
what is a drama film	drama film
who plays the bass guitar	bass guitar
name a popular short film	short film
who composed in these arms	in these arms
what nationality is michael höllrigl	michael höllrigl
why did bugs henderson die	bugs henderson
where was supaksorn chaimongkol born	supaksorn chaimongkol
who wrote the film faithless	faithless
where can midi be found	midi
where was sean tucker born	sean tucker
what is an adventure book	adventure
where is colenso parade from	colenso parade
what director directed jackie ?	jackie
whats bradley cooper 's ethnicity	bradley cooper
what county contains presque isle	presque isle
kelly willis wrote this song	kelly willis
who was a football forward	forward
where was david quinn born	david quinn
which album is roots reggae	roots reggae
which country contains lake jasper	lake jasper
where is paderno del grappa	paderno del grappa
which time zone contains smiley	smiley
where was abdollah nouri born	abdollah nouri
where is berry kroeger from	berry kroeger
name a thrash metal artist	thrash metal
where was agustín galiana born	agustín galiana
what company developed auto assault	auto assault
which country is souli from	souli
what country is press in	press
who was born in hamburg	hamburg
what nationality is jerry zirsanga	jerry zirsanga
what is located in smurney	smurney
whats a 2012 studio album	studio album
which gender is rayver cruz	rayver cruz
where was kellen hathaway born	kellen hathaway
where is thrift contained by	thrift
who was born in lynwood	lynwood
where was onyekachukwu odi born	onyekachukwu odi
where is souto soares located	souto soares
which company published philomel books	philomel books
who edited touch of pink	touch of pink
what gender is carl feynman	carl feynman
what gender is pieraldo ferrante	pieraldo ferrante
who was born in rome	rome
name a heavy metal artist	heavy metal
who developed the behemoth ?	the behemoth
which country possesses mount stuart	mount stuart
where did monte collins die	monte collins
what is telbivudine used for	telbivudine
where was tom beghin born	tom beghin
what country is elmwood in	elmwood
what does 7488 robertpaul orbit	7488 robertpaul
who was born in antwerp	antwerp
what county is cuba in	cuba
name a nature book .	nature
who created the recording preacher	preacher
what sex is thomas day	thomas day
where did pat roach die	pat roach
where was barbara mularczyk born	barbara mularczyk
where is bancker located ?	bancker
where is bobby keys from	bobby keys
where is scheienkopf in germany	scheienkopf
what is detroit rock city	detroit rock city
where is helenton loch ?	helenton loch
which language is humoresque in	humoresque
who released the recording denver	denver
which released is stay from	stay
what artist recorded memphis ?	memphis
what album is star on	star
where is alanno located ?	alanno
who developed elevator action returns	elevator action returns
name a gothic rock album	gothic rock
what is famous last words	famous last words
where is sint-agatha-berchem located ?	sint-agatha-berchem
where is robert gadocha from	robert gadocha
who composed bien o mal	bien o mal
where is thomas located ?	thomas
where is 24timer circulated ?	24timer
who wrote jolly green giant	jolly green giant
what gender is vagif mustafazade	vagif mustafazade
who played an bodhrán ?	bodhrán
what artist plays a guitar	guitar
what is a drama film	drama film
what city serves duxford aerodrome	duxford aerodrome
who has francis galton influenced	francis galton
where was gerda lampalzer born	gerda lampalzer
where did sailor venus live	sailor venus
name a film producer .	film producer
how did roy roberts die	roy roberts
who plays the violin ?	violin
which artist recorded angola ?	angola
who was raman named after	raman
where was ragdale located in	ragdale
where is kumiyama located ?	kumiyama
where was robin olds buried	robin olds
where is malakoff located ?	malakoff
where did harriet hemings die	harriet hemings
where is philip voss born	philip voss
which artist recorded big dog	big dog
where did timothy bloodworth die	timothy bloodworth
which artist recorded fault line	fault line
what is grambling state university	grambling state university
what genre best classifies inferno	inferno
what county is brookstone within	brookstone
where did broholmer originate from	broholmer
where did giulio bosetti die	giulio bosetti
what does tom rhodes do	tom rhodes
how was the grandmaster released	the grandmaster
where was martyn ellis born	martyn ellis
what country is miagliano within	miagliano
who played the guitar ?	guitar
who wrote bride of frankenstein	bride of frankenstein
what country released feast annually	feast
who recorded the song 1995	1995
cancer killed what film director	cancer
where was frederick attenborough born	frederick attenborough
what state is kelsey in	kelsey
who was born in chicago	chicago
what state is hallettsville in	hallettsville
what is drivin ' south	drivin ' south
where is traunik located ?	traunik
who is rosa delauro ?	rosa delauro
who is jon cryers child	jon
which country released comfortably homeless	comfortably homeless
who was born in carthage	carthage
what is morteza ahadi ?	morteza ahadi
where was mahmoud abbas born	mahmoud abbas
what gender is dmitriy mamin-sibiryak	dmitriy mamin-sibiryak
who is a football defender	defender
which artist recorded spanish harlem	spanish harlem
who did david hume influence	david hume
which company published fury3 ?	fury3
who published the game freekstyle	freekstyle
what is john erickson ?	john erickson
what language is lost in	lost
who was born in huizhou	huizhou
where is choctaw located ?	choctaw
who has philosophy of mind	philosophy of mind
name a professional writer .	writer
where was steven adams born	steven adams
what formulation is in tablet	tablet
where is davistown located ?	davistown
what locations are in michigan	michigan
where is justin mauriello from	justin mauriello
which country released working girl	working girl
which city was grubson born	grubson
what artist makes rock music	rock music
where is målkjær born ?	målkjær
which natinoality is john lanzillotto	john lanzillotto
what is in illinois ?	illinois
who produced sin city ?	sin city
which country is utah in	utah
what is methylprednisolone marketed as	methylprednisolone
what is judit rezes occupation	judit rezes
what species is lisa trevor	lisa trevor
where did józsef petrik die	józsef petrik
where is nisbet located ?	nisbet
where was lewis nott born	lewis nott
who produced girl gone wild	girl gone wild
where is drazen zecic from	drazen zecic
what sings in the exhibition	the exhibition
where is mamarapha college located	mamarapha college
who created the album phoenix	phoenix
what is elia schneider gender	elia schneider
where is barbara levstik from	barbara levstik
who is a fiddle instrumentalist	fiddle
who wrote i am simon	i am simon
whats a 1968 mystery film	mystery film
where was the captain filmed	the captain
where was masato harada birthed	masato harada
who is ettore tosi ?	ettore tosi
where was albert huffstickler born	albert huffstickler
who was born in ayodhya	ayodhya
what genre is twice-told tales	twice-told tales
what illness killed mary philbin	mary philbin
where was matilde sánchez born	matilde sánchez
what platform is karate champ	karate champ
which artist creates electronica music	electronica
what has marc almond composed	marc almond
which album is glam rock	glam rock
where is swiss cheese from	swiss cheese
who recorded werewolves of atlanta	werewolves of atlanta
what county includes spanish fort	spanish fort
who wrote love comes quickly	love comes quickly
what language is ammakilikkoodu in	ammakilikkoodu
where was james craig born	james craig
who produced the fourth alarm	the fourth alarm
what state is almora from	almora
where is rekid from ?	rekid
name an argentinian soccer defender	defender
where was simon drake born	simon drake
what is a jazz album	album
what is jackie clark profession	jackie clark
name a film producer .	film producer
where was maria branwell born	maria branwell
whats a horse from ireland	ireland
what series is cher from	cher
what album did matmos record	matmos
what gender is mark rogers	mark rogers
where is hanna pakarinen from	hanna pakarinen
which production company produced idiocracy	idiocracy
what event occurred in stockholm	stockholm
where is rockbridge county lcoated	rockbridge county
what state is smelterville in	smelterville
what ethnicity is conrad mcrae	conrad mcrae
what rapper made real soon	real soon
what developer created lumines ?	lumines
what are albums by monica	monica
where was eole galli born	eole galli
what district is in peru	peru
which gender is lee harris	lee harris
what genre is lavender castle	lavender castle
where is luke seomore from	luke seomore
what has augusten burroughs written	augusten burroughs
which musician plays the violin	violin
name an indie rock artist	indie rock
which instrumentalist plays jazz piano	jazz piano
which political party pursues pan-arabism	pan-arabism
what is a music album	album
where was heidi blickenstaff born	heidi blickenstaff
how did james blair die	james blair
which artist recorded lost ?	lost
who was born in martinique	martinique
name a finance company .	finance
where was david ball born	david ball
where did dale gardner die	dale gardner
who does the song brazil	brazil
where is rex salas from	rex salas
which country released deadly kick	deadly kick
who authored the night people	the night people
what artist has rca records	rca records
who wrote the song spring	spring
which language is belly in	belly
what disease ultimately killed esquerita	esquerita
what caused corics 's death	corics
what was in famas dsc06877	famas dsc06877
name an electronic music artist	electronic music
what country released gorging ?	gorging
what ethnicity is sam mills	sam mills
which game is action-adventure game	action-adventure game
how did marc porel die	marc porel
who wrote the album révolution	révolution
name a professional film director	film director
what does andres berumen do	andres berumen
who composed the darkest star	the darkest star
what gender is marvel boy	marvel boy
where was dick haynes born	dick haynes
who founded fugue state press	fugue state press
where was regine lutz born	regine lutz
is jihyuk male or female	jihyuk
what is the commodore about	the commodore
where was the snapper shot	the snapper
what nationality is amar mullick	amar mullick
what book focused on england	england
what county is chapanoke in	chapanoke
where was fernando maestro born	fernando maestro
who manufactured duricef 1 tablet	duricef 1 tablet
where was edmund willard born	edmund willard
what album is ireland on	ireland
what county is waterloo in	waterloo
where was gisèle halimi born	gisèle halimi
who was born in sofia	sofia
what country is easton within	easton
how did ken kaess die	ken kaess
who recorded show up !	show up !
who recorded the song copenhagen	copenhagen
what genre is missing witnesses	missing witnesses
where is montgomery county located	montgomery county
name a netflix foreign title	foreign
what country is hurstbourne within	hurstbourne
where was bertus botterman born	bertus botterman
who was a precisionist racehorse	precisionist
what format released achtung autobahn	achtung autobahn
what is north port ?	north port
how did judith hoffberg die	judith hoffberg
who recorded puerto rico ?	puerto rico
which group recorded the collection	the collection
what was wild nights about	wild nights
where did otto hitler die	otto hitler
who is a midfielder ?	midfielder
which nationality is freddy fender	freddy fender
where is marion county located	marion county
what country is hiram in	hiram
who directed the last gladiators	the last gladiators
who was born in lincoln	lincoln
which county is manorhaven in	manorhaven
what song is from soldier	soldier
name a popular fiction book	fiction
which artist recorded twilight ?	twilight
where is cordillera real located	cordillera real
which artist released gangstress ?	gangstress
what nationality is lester cuneo	lester cuneo
which artist recorded jingle bells	jingle bells
where did byron sunderland die	byron sunderland
what object is asteroid ?	asteroid
which album is happy hardcore	happy hardcore
where was crying freeman done	crying freeman
where was charlie dean born	charlie dean
what music track contains metamorphosis	metamorphosis
where did li fang-kuei die	li fang-kuei
what album is silver from	silver
where was alun owen born	alun owen
what is missoula international airport	missoula international airport
where did amos strunk die	amos strunk
48650 kazanuniversity orbits what star	48650 kazanuniversity
which gender is reginald veljohnson	reginald veljohnson
which gender is peter schoomaker	peter schoomaker
what actor is tamil american	tamil american
name a public limited company	public limited company
name someone born in cairo	cairo
what gender is matt dunbar	matt dunbar
where is evgeniya abramova from	evgeniya abramova
name an over-the-air programming distributor	over-the-air programming
name a book about mythology	mythology
who died of esophageal cancer	esophageal cancer
what skill does paul have	paul
what is an anime program	anime
where is jackson square located	jackson square
which film format is exiled	exiled
what is lian amber profession	lian amber
who was born in battersea	battersea
what film genre is doyam	doyam
who makes the volkswagen eos	volkswagen eos
what genre is the scar	the scar
who plays midfielder in soccer	midfielder
what did marc blitzstein write	marc blitzstein
what is a netflix drama	drama
which track did fischer-z make	fischer-z
where did farinelli die ?	farinelli
what orbits around the sun	the sun
who was born in budapest	budapest
witch country speaks nauete language	nauete language
which artist recorded indiana rainbow	indiana rainbow
what is the lost battalion	the lost battalion
where is brindisi located in	brindisi
what sex is george evans	george evans
who was born in phalaborwa	phalaborwa
who was born in victoria	victoria
what language is bhanwara spoken	bhanwara
who was trudell produced by	trudell
which country is arun in	arun
which country is vatnafjöll in	vatnafjöll
what state is phalodi within	phalodi
how did mukesh duggal die	mukesh duggal
who wrote circle of friends	circle of friends
name a caldera mountain .	caldera
vienna is what notable type	vienna
where was thomas beatty born	thomas beatty
what was released in free	free
where is emmerich schäffer from	emmerich schäffer
where is iroquois county located	iroquois county
where was amy vanderbilt born	amy vanderbilt
where was louis raemaekers born	louis raemaekers
what is eugene schulter ?	eugene schulter
what species is ashley wilkes	ashley wilkes
how was the signal released	the signal
where did opal come from	opal
where is baker university located	baker university
who released the album israelites	israelites
who produced the lion king	the lion king
where did harry allen die	harry allen
what gender is emil hossu	emil hossu
where was ayumi shibata born	ayumi shibata
where is samantha jade from	samantha jade
where did gregg toland die	gregg toland
name eudokia ingerina 's child	eudokia ingerina
what is a fiction book	fiction
where was keepsakes originally released	keepsakes
name a film producer .	film producer
where was lee eun-ju born	lee eun-ju
where was otto jelinek born	otto jelinek
where was walter raleigh born	walter raleigh
which agency protects ishi wilderness	ishi wilderness
where is forest hills gardens	forest hills gardens
which gender is gwyn lurie	gwyn lurie
name a rugby union fullback	rugby union
where was grigory rapota born	grigory rapota
what track released x uhuru	x uhuru
which episode is in reckless	reckless
what gender is jean-frederic eerdekens	jean-frederic eerdekens
where did edouard izac die	edouard izac
where did sholom schwartzbard die	sholom schwartzbard
what are tracks by neurosis	neurosis
what is after hours ?	after hours
who did averroes influence ?	averroes
where is produced by closer	closer
how did ignacio martín-baró die	ignacio martín-baró
ignacy domeyko passed away where	ignacy domeyko
what is a fiction book	fiction
what nationality is giles tschudi	giles tschudi
what gender is denise cheshire	denise cheshire
where is vaughn lal from	vaughn lal
what country is cima in	cima
what author wrote dark lord	dark lord
where was oldrich lukes born	oldrich lukes
who was born in cheboygan	cheboygan
which department contains caroline bynum	caroline bynum
who was born in wuppertal	wuppertal
what gender is chris mcdaniel	chris mcdaniel
what license does mabusray hold	mabusray
where was jules verne born	jules verne
name a film producer .	film producer
who is a singer-songwriter ?	singer-songwriter
who died from a firearm	firearm
how did françois renaud die	françois renaud
what netflix genre is honeydripper	honeydripper
name a famous film producer	film producer
where was mohamed kanu born	mohamed kanu
what gender is blake brettschneider	blake brettschneider
where was kristin vigard born	kristin vigard
which county contains halls flat	halls flat
who authored the book ship	ship
where was kristin meyer born	kristin meyer
what is webster groves ?	webster groves
who publishes the book quozl	quozl
where is rock spring ?	rock spring
which country locates japanese city	japanese city
which company is in publication	publication
where was guy branston born	guy branston
what is giacomo moncada ?	giacomo moncada
what is a vocal dog	vocal
who is a teacher ?	teacher
what nationality is aku syrjä	aku syrjä
what language is scream in	scream
where did albert johanneson die	albert johanneson
what gender is gus grissom	gus grissom
where was petrus cariry born	petrus cariry
what album is mercy on	mercy
who recorded the song contagion	contagion
what format does skyward have	skyward
where is james coburn buried	james coburn
what release is phoenix from	phoenix
what gender is sue beardsmore	sue beardsmore
what is all about us	all about us
which country released divine pig	divine pig
which country locates belmont park	belmont park
name a progressive metal album	progressive metal
who was an outfielder ?	outfielder
what genre is bloodlock ?	bloodlock
who produced step up ?	step up
what events happened in agen	agen
what label signed ryujin kiyoshi	ryujin kiyoshi
where is hargrove located ?	hargrove
what is baltimore hebrew university	baltimore hebrew university
where is whitewater river ?	whitewater river
what was devdas adapted from	devdas
what musical genre is sredinom	sredinom
who was born in chowchilla	chowchilla
what causes fenofibrate to work	fenofibrate
name a professional actor .	actor
which country releases i ching	i ching
who plays the tenor saxophone	tenor saxophone
where is charters towers located	charters towers
where was claude poirier born	claude poirier
where was roland szabó born	roland szabó
what 's a biographical film	biographical film
what is a romance film	romance film
which country locates hamlin lake	hamlin lake
which films involves aviation ?	aviation
where was chingiz sadykhov born	chingiz sadykhov
who developed unreal championship ?	unreal championship
who produced sweet november ?	sweet november
where is novo tiradentes ?	novo tiradentes
where was phil harvey birthed	phil harvey
which license does fouranalyticphilosophers have	fouranalyticphilosophers
what artist made visa ?	visa
what movie is black comedy	black comedy
name an african american person	african american
what religion is laila dåvøy	laila dåvøy
where was don healy born	don healy
who directed without anesthesia ?	without anesthesia
where is dave gerard from	dave gerard
what genre describes outlaw school	outlaw school
what is lawrence bridges ?	lawrence bridges
what province is gabon in	gabon
where was katsuhito asano born	katsuhito asano
where was cantonese published ?	cantonese
what format was blacklisted released	blacklisted
what song is from jeux	jeux
what gender is chris jones	chris jones
which state is bryan in	bryan
where is union city located	union city
what is a fiction book	fiction
what gender is krystyna janda	krystyna janda
where was reema debnath born	reema debnath
where was jacques rémy born	jacques rémy
which parish is oakland in	oakland
who was born in marianao	marianao
what release was democracy from	democracy
what country filmed iced lolly	iced lolly
how does pierre charron identify	pierre charron
which artist recorded chevrolet ?	chevrolet
whats the treatment of neurapraxia	neurapraxia
where was broken van released	broken van
where is go-bang 's from	go-bang 's
name a war film .	war film
which country is flora in	flora
which artist recorded summer ?	summer
where did alfred uhl die	alfred uhl
which country made the holiday	the holiday
which musician created ultimate legends	ultimate legends
ponderosa is under what genre	ponderosa
what lyricist composed deep love	deep love
who has died of assassination	assassination
where was erich sundermann born	erich sundermann
where was blood diamond filmed	blood diamond
what county is mcrae in	mcrae
what language is esmeralda in	esmeralda
who named centre georges pompidou	centre georges pompidou
who was evans named after	evans
who directed the movie volga-volga	volga-volga
name a detective film .	detective
which gender is augustin verot	augustin verot
who manufactured kodak easyshare c713	kodak easyshare c713
what hotel is in toronto	toronto
what broadcasting company owns wfan-fm	wfan-fm
where was i am… released	i am…
how did georgios paparizos die	georgios paparizos
which island is baltic sea	baltic sea
who developed the x-plane game	x-plane
who is a professional businessman	businessman
who was born in london	london
what state is yemmiganur in	yemmiganur
trentemøller specializes in what music	trentemøller
name a compilation album .	compilation album
where is rok hanžič from	rok hanžič
which album was seed on	seed
which country is gravesend in	gravesend
where did cardell camper die	cardell camper
how was silas marner bound	silas marner
what is mannitol marketed as	mannitol
which artist recorded click ?	click
what are netflix horror titles	horror
name a thriller film .	thriller
where is shoko sawada from	shoko sawada
who is meritaten 's parents	meritaten
what albums has meco made	meco
name an india film genre	india
who recorded o sole mio	o sole mio
where is miyabi natsuyaki from	miyabi natsuyaki
where is kozhikode located ?	kozhikode
name an american football player	american football player
who is a notable manager	manager
what gender is jerry jaxon	jerry jaxon
where did napoleon zervas die	napoleon zervas
which artist recorded harlow ?	harlow
where was james soong born	james soong
where was cement filmed ?	cement
which country is ataraxia from	ataraxia
where was louis fratto born	louis fratto
which nationality is allen newell	allen newell
who was born in louisville	louisville
who produced conan the barbarian	conan the barbarian
where is lee located ?	lee
where was carter mull born	carter mull
what industry is haemonetics in	haemonetics
what country is fern in	fern
why did wu jin die	wu jin
which music genre is slowhand	slowhand
which artist recorded david ?	david
what ethnicity is megumi makihara	megumi makihara
where did nishiwaki junzaburo die	nishiwaki junzaburo
list a japanese animation series	animation
where did vasily polenov die	vasily polenov
who wrote the rich girl	the rich girl
what format is fractal philosophy	fractal philosophy
who is an actor ?	actor
who did william hogarth influence	william hogarth
where was odette warder born	odette warder
what genre is undercover ?	undercover
what is a compilation album	compilation album
which film is antisemitism ?	antisemitism
name a flamenco influenced album	album
where was wim deetman born	wim deetman
which artist recorded san francisco	san francisco
who recorded the track summertime	summertime
what genre is vroom ?	vroom
which actor influenced jason segel	jason segel
what album was titan on	titan
name john cooper music genre	john cooper
what language is chiralia film	chiralia
where was havana ginger born	havana ginger
what gender is paul gérin-lajoie	paul gérin-lajoie
what is 1145 robelmonte category	1145 robelmonte
where is 10812 grötlingbo located	10812 grötlingbo
where was martin roth born	martin roth
where is maurice tempelsman from	maurice tempelsman
where is ozurgeti located ?	ozurgeti
what company owns kblr ?	kblr
which gender is gareth evans	gareth evans
where did bruno geiser die	bruno geiser
what character is male ?	male
what artist recorded free ?	free
where was cooper kupp born	cooper kupp
what country is utah in	utah
who recorded four corners ?	four corners
what was manassas released as	manassas
what album is poet on	poet
who was born in fukuoka	fukuoka
where is vola vale from	vola vale
where was william gay born	william gay
where was juan yustrich born	juan yustrich
what nationality is marie ludvíková	marie ludvíková
name a post-punk band ?	post-punk
which nationality is lothar geitler	lothar geitler
who played the button accordion	button accordion
who created the character quicksand	quicksand
which country released victor victoria	victor victoria
what song is from white	white
what release came from september	september
list a politician from montreal	montreal
where did thomas tusser die	thomas tusser
what are album by quintessence	quintessence
where is gino corrado from	gino corrado
where was mirco nontschew born	mirco nontschew
which ethnicity is wendell scott	wendell scott
where is ruben karapetyan from	ruben karapetyan
what is a drug ?	drug
who directed the film twisted	twisted
who was born in chicago	chicago
which area does wgme-tv serve	wgme-tv
name a horror book .	horror
what is resnik named after	resnik
what continent is hungary in	hungary
what was jimmy corkhill occupation	jimmy corkhill
which album is indie rock	indie rock
name a recording by columbia	columbia
name a crime fiction film	crime fiction
which artist released liz phair	liz phair
what is contained by doxycycline	doxycycline
what sex is hugh rossi	hugh rossi
what artist recorded dormi jesu	dormi jesu
which nationality is jinah kim	jinah kim
where did the fut begin	the fut
what is 1992 winter olympics	1992 winter olympics
what place did nbc found	nbc
where is cuernavaca located in	cuernavaca
what nationality is homi adajania	homi adajania
how is tobramycin/dexamethasone administered ?	tobramycin/dexamethasone
where was vanessa zachos born	vanessa zachos
who composed sammy fain ?	sammy fain
what does 21401 justinkovac orbit	21401 justinkovac
where was alwyn uytingco born	alwyn uytingco
who produced the recording tomorrow	tomorrow
what book is about recreation	recreation
what are works about existentialism	existentialism
name a film producer .	film producer
what musician uses psychedelic rock	psychedelic rock
which artist recorded social circus	social circus
which artist recorded wonderful tonight	wonderful tonight
which country is viewpoint from	viewpoint
what is kaijin 's gendr	kaijin
where was steven pallos born	steven pallos
who is robert barrett ?	robert barrett
what label signed catherine britt	catherine britt
what is binge daniels ?	binge daniels
who is a human character	human
who directed the film annie	annie
name linda jean marlowe gender	linda jean marlowe
what species is romulus ?	romulus
what 's a drama film	drama film
what state is goddard in	goddard
who is a german scientist	scientist
what is senses working overtime	senses working overtime
who is a well-known boxing	boxing
what nationality is temeceka harris	temeceka harris
where was gerald ashby born	gerald ashby
who is poison by ?	poison
where was resurrection released ?	resurrection
where did harry altham die	harry altham
what state is daysville within	daysville
who was born in istanbul	istanbul
where was lez zeppelin from	lez zeppelin
who was born in munich	munich
what playwright influenced fernando pessoa	fernando pessoa
where was prince caspian born	prince caspian
what is der sturm ?	der sturm
where is aurora located ?	aurora
where was michael choice born	michael choice
who wrote whole new thing	whole new thing
what is a history book	history
what country is helium from	helium
who was born in srinagar	srinagar
what nationality is jean-marc leclercq	jean-marc leclercq
who died of cancer ?	cancer
what gender is ray richmond	ray richmond
how did bruce gary die	bruce gary
what state is cannelton in	cannelton
what musician released best of	best of
what is a compilation album	compilation album
what does john paxton do	john paxton
who was born in christchurch	christchurch
who recorded that girl ?	that girl
what did oscar levant author	oscar levant
what is an album named	album
what country is olmitz located	olmitz
who was born in durban	durban
which artist recorded fast food	fast food
where was hugh maclennan born	hugh maclennan
what is clonidine used for	clonidine
what country was paula filmed	paula
what are song compositions ?	song
where was jacob weigert born	jacob weigert
name a compilation album .	compilation album
what nationality is chris kaman	chris kaman
which thinker influenced ernest lepore	ernest lepore
what track is on raphael	raphael
who was petrarch influenced by	petrarch
how did fadwa touqan die	fadwa touqan
who created the character aginar	aginar
who sang the song stay	stay
name a short film .	short film
where was lara spencer born	lara spencer
who wrote golden dreams ?	golden dreams
what are punk rock albums	punk rock
where is mount bond ?	mount bond
where was emmanuel obetsebi-lamptey born	emmanuel obetsebi-lamptey
where is ignaz semmelweis buried	ignaz semmelweis
what country is walton in	walton
name a species of fish	species
what airport is in xiamen	xiamen
what genre is blank city	blank city
who made the album heartland	heartland
which country was samaya filmed	samaya
name an autobiography book .	autobiography
who wrote the album california	california
name an instrumental rock album	instrumental rock
name a rock music album	rock music
where was katherine medina born	katherine medina
where is the calf located	the calf
where was greg ayres born	greg ayres
where was koji kondo born	koji kondo
what company did produce monopoly	monopoly
where did george topolnisky die	george topolnisky
what nationality is nicole randall	nicole randall
where was geoffrey chung born	geoffrey chung
where is anaís from ?	anaís
where did alec burgess die	alec burgess
state giovanna of italy religion	giovanna of italy
which country released late bloomers	late bloomers
what region released the camels	the camels
what form is colloque sentimental	colloque sentimental
who does the song waiting	waiting
what musical group made special	special
where was theodore conover born	theodore conover
name a famous film producer	film producer
who did robert lowell influence	robert lowell
who was born in australia	australia
name one female german american	german american
what does jimmy neutron do	jimmy neutron
what is a funk album	funk
what country is césar from	césar
where can kden-tv be seen	kden-tv
what artist recorded ave maria	ave maria
where did leonardo conti die	leonardo conti
name a baseball player .	baseball player
which album was nevada on	nevada
where are the revs from	the revs
where did blas valera die	blas valera
what county is canterbury in	canterbury
who wrote the film jenifer	jenifer
what is echiabhi okodugha ?	echiabhi okodugha
which company produced peter pan	peter pan
where was elly tran born	elly tran
who wrote them , robot	them , robot
where was asie payton born	asie payton
whats josephine johnson 's job	josephine johnson
name a black-and-white film .	black-and-white
who was born in oise	oise
what is a mansard roof	mansard roof
what is life goes on	life goes on
who is an argentina goalkeeper	goalkeeper
what is sakura 's nationality	sakura
what religion is farooq naek	farooq naek
how did robert oppenheimer die	robert oppenheimer
where was tommy shannon born	tommy shannon
where was substance 1987 released	substance 1987
where was marcel ghanem born	marcel ghanem
how did jeff andrus die	jeff andrus
who is a welterweight boxer	welterweight
where was olivia wilde born	olivia wilde
vangelis georgiou plays what position	vangelis georgiou
what position is amanda lassiter	amanda lassiter
who produced south sea rose	south sea rose
where was nautica thorn born	nautica thorn
what artist recorded caribbean ?	caribbean
where was tony lormor born	tony lormor
who was richard t. sullivan	richard t. sullivan
where are the rotherfield greys	rotherfield greys
what does dave edmunds do	dave edmunds
what composer created afterlife ?	afterlife
where did guy goodliffe die	guy goodliffe
where was the passengers shot	the passengers
who is part of condottiere	condottiere
where 's michel kammoun from	michel kammoun
where was donnie tyndall born	donnie tyndall
which hurricane hit north carolina	north carolina
what albums are by avail	avail
which album is johannesburg featured	johannesburg
what station plays oldies ?	oldies
what gender is saeko shimazu	saeko shimazu
how was homeland insecurity released	homeland insecurity
which artist recorded eclipse ?	eclipse
who played the guitar ?	guitar
what city is in pennsylvania	pennsylvania
who did enrico fermi advise	enrico fermi
where is eric louzil from	eric louzil
what color is a otterhound	otterhound
what book contains computer science	computer science
name an opera singer .	opera singer
where did heintje davids die	heintje davids
who are enya 's parents	enya
what place did pilkington found	pilkington
what city houses lake balaton	lake balaton
what nationality is dana stone	dana stone
what genre is dheeme dheeme	dheeme dheeme
what movie is action film	action film
where is enterprise township located	enterprise township
what company manufactures cheerios ?	cheerios
where did werner mummert die	werner mummert
who died from colorectal cancer	colorectal cancer
where is lake formosa located	lake formosa
what artwork did pontormo create	pontormo
what is eastenders adapted from	eastenders
what is in massachusetts ?	massachusetts
how did dawid sierakowiak die	dawid sierakowiak
what album was bahamas on	bahamas
name a family film .	family film
which male is patrick wintour	patrick wintour
which county is cascade in	cascade
where is panayiotis panayiotou from	panayiotis panayiotou
name a silent film .	silent film
where is broderick fobbs from	broderick fobbs
where is afton located ?	afton
who published the lincoln lawyer	the lincoln lawyer
what gender is gunther kruger	gunther kruger
where was martin pakula born	martin pakula
what state is dausa within	dausa
how was brendan james released	brendan james
what is a documentary film	documentary film
where was milan božić born	milan božić
who recorded the album waterloo	waterloo
which nationalisty is troy brown	troy brown
who did arnold böcklin influence	arnold böcklin
where was bernhard stavenhagen born	bernhard stavenhagen
where did drew macias die	drew macias
which track contains freaky styley	freaky styley
who published the iron heel	the iron heel
what format is outtasite on	outtasite
who is a filipino american	filipino american
who wrote the crow ?	the crow
mythic entertainment published what game	mythic entertainment
what ethnicity is yukie chiri	yukie chiri
what is east timor ?	east timor
whats ron thomas 's gender	ron thomas
where is uss massachusetts located	uss massachusetts
where is webe broadcasted ?	webe
what gender is panajot pano	panajot pano
who is andréa l. ?	andréa l.
which episode comes after prototype	prototype
how did moti sagar die	moti sagar
where did lisetta nava die	lisetta nava
which county is mccready in	mccready
what gender is payton jordan	payton jordan
who designed hare and tortoise	hare and tortoise
how was interpieces organization released	interpieces organization
how did engelbert dollfuss die	engelbert dollfuss
where did sarah vaughan die	sarah vaughan
name a place in italy	italy
what state is kfxn-fm in	kfxn-fm
what book is calabria about	calabria
what is a mystery book	mystery
how did seisaku nakamura die	seisaku nakamura
what is swing from paris	swing from paris
who was socinianism named after	socinianism
where was fraser watts born	fraser watts
name a professional baseball player	baseball player
what release is energy from	energy
name a city in minnesota	minnesota
what company published magic sword	magic sword
what newspaper circulates in charlotte	charlotte
who introduced the character prophet	prophet
which country is hissop in	hissop
which album is words on	words
which country filmed my voice	my voice
where is tursi based in	tursi
who did edmund husserl inspire	edmund husserl
where was kuan-chung ku born	kuan-chung ku
what city is in montana	montana
where is highland mills located	highland mills
what is neil westfall ?	neil westfall
who was born in jakarta	jakarta
who is a korean composer	composer
what area does dyri serve	dyri
where is tamil food from	tamil food
which county is luart in	luart
who produced red lob ?	red lob
what genre is runaway car	runaway car
which musician recorded aerial ballet	aerial ballet
who wrote the song tapes	tapes
which album is considered post-punk	post-punk
which man had albinism ?	albinism
which series is sylvia in	sylvia
what sex is sander zoer	sander zoer
what gender is rick schmidt	rick schmidt
where did eamonn campbell originate	eamonn campbell
which artwork is contemporary art	contemporary art
where was industrial madness released	industrial madness
how did blanca sánchez die	blanca sánchez
where is lloyd parks from	lloyd parks
where was andreas resch born	andreas resch
what nationality is hassan hirt	hassan hirt
what city is in plymouth	plymouth
what is brisbane river ?	brisbane river
which philosopher influenced benjamin barber	benjamin barber
where was nirvana released ?	nirvana
what is a chihuahua ?	chihuahua
name a public university .	public university
where did rush originate ?	rush
who developed mega man 6	mega man 6
which county is atlanta in	atlanta
what album is fever from	fever
what nationality is jehanne wake	jehanne wake
where was antonia kidman born	antonia kidman
who is an author ?	author
where is 8994 kashkashian found	8994 kashkashian
name a piece of literature	literature
who produced the chronic ?	the chronic
how is benzoyl peroxide sold	benzoyl peroxide
what country was maharathi filmed	maharathi
where did jan zrzavý die	jan zrzavý
who executively produced red dawn	red dawn
who is elmar lipping ?	elmar lipping
what are folk music albums	folk music
where was acoustic standards released	acoustic standards
what country is cannes in	cannes
who owns the connecticut post	connecticut post
what is inyokern airport ?	inyokern airport
where did thomas johnes die	thomas johnes
what netflix genre is sztos	sztos
where is aleksandr ivanchenkov from	aleksandr ivanchenkov
what are history books ?	history
who composed this dying soul	this dying soul
who was born in helsinki	helsinki
who is a czech defender	defender
where did dave cox die	dave cox
what is thomas hunt morgan	thomas hunt morgan
who composed my girl ?	my girl
whats another existing solar system	solar system
who directed the film tiefland	tiefland
what ethnicity is suzanne malveaux	suzanne malveaux
which country created apocalypse how	apocalypse how
what language is irene in	irene
name a midfielder soccer player	midfielder
name a famous saxophone player	saxophone player
who wrote thin ice ?	thin ice
where was simon regan born	simon regan
where can you watch kro	kro
who was born in gadsden	gadsden
what tv series contains tanzania	tanzania
who was born in scotland	scotland
which locates battle of gela	battle of gela
where did jonathan brandis die	jonathan brandis
which tracks did atb engineer	atb
which artist recorded black dog	black dog
what person is sinti ?	sinti
where is angkor wat ?	angkor wat
what nationality is felix halfon	felix halfon
which country is carey in	carey
name a track on artifakt	artifakt
who discovered 2932 kempchinsky ?	2932 kempchinsky
where was bully featured ?	bully
who directed the film cows	cows
what province is imbabura ?	imbabura
what is a black-and-white film	black-and-white
where is alberto sordi from	alberto sordi
where is 4728 lyapidevskij found	4728 lyapidevskij
what ethnicity is eliette abécassis	eliette abécassis
how did joe murphy die	joe murphy
which artist released 181-buzz ?	181-buzz
whats madonna 's record label	madonna
what company released open season	open season
who did joseph fourier influence	joseph fourier
who authored ivor the invisible	ivor the invisible
what book is about michelangelo	michelangelo
what campus contains stevenson university	stevenson university
who composed in my heart	in my heart
where was georg malcovati born	georg malcovati
where is waring located ?	waring
whos a heavy metal singer	heavy metal
what position is frank funk	frank funk
where was paul jenkins born	paul jenkins
where is spring valley ?	spring valley
what does panthenol help treat	panthenol
what is a 2002 mixtape	mixtape
how was reckless released ?	reckless
what nationality is rebecca neuenschwander	rebecca neuenschwander
what music genre is axwell	axwell
what artist recorded pumpkin ?	pumpkin
who is a j-pop artist	j-pop
where is caledonia county ?	caledonia county
where is akinori iwamura from	akinori iwamura
what sex is james twining	james twining
which album is death metal	death metal
where was joseph ryelandt born	joseph ryelandt
what is life goes on	life goes on
where is radoslaw stys from	radoslaw stys
where is leetonia located ?	leetonia
what book genre is normal	normal
what release came from sony	sony
what country holds humboldt county	humboldt county
where did charles merivale die	charles merivale
which country contains argyle township	argyle township
what is the zeta sagittarii	zeta sagittarii
which actor died from suicide	suicide
what state contains bel marra	bel marra
where was lisa edelstein born	lisa edelstein
what genre is the wanted	the wanted
where is michael evans from	michael evans
what cities are in piedmont	piedmont
what format is wmse ?	wmse
how was germany released ?	germany
which album is compilation album	compilation album
what brand creates motorola droid	motorola droid
which artist recorded savannah ?	savannah
what is the nubri language	nubri language
what artist recorded d.t.d ?	d.t.d
what ethnicity is roman wick	roman wick
what is salzburger nachrichten ?	salzburger nachrichten
which author wrote after hours	after hours
what player plays forward ?	forward
who is a professional actor	actor
what is a bollywood film	bollywood
who composed narcissistic cannibal ?	narcissistic cannibal
who was born in telford	telford
whom did bertolt brecht influence	bertolt brecht
who is a nigerian midfielder	midfielder
where is jeanne pruett from	jeanne pruett
where was chotta mumbai made	chotta mumbai
which artist recorded whatsername ?	whatsername
what nationality is shon gables	shon gables
where was dan ekner born	dan ekner
who created the character mortalla	mortalla
where is joaquim felício ?	joaquim felício
what team is from roanne	roanne
which city is 犬式 from	犬式
where was electric released ?	electric
where is the raja nagar	raja nagar
which album is rock music	rock music
who is a techno artist	techno
which musician is heavy metal	heavy metal
which artist recorded dick tracy	dick tracy
who directed the film vedham	vedham
who is a midfielder ?	midfielder
where is edgar governo from	edgar governo
where did kaju sugiura die	kaju sugiura
where is 13693 bondar located	13693 bondar
what is a black dog	black
who wrote the book indiana	indiana
which county contains blue nile	blue nile
who was born in greenock	greenock
where is 4228 nemiro located	4228 nemiro
where was nearly god released	nearly god
name a professional actor .	actor
who is from south boston	south boston
which songs has scorpions composed	scorpions
where was yan shunkai born	yan shunkai
who made moment of glory	moment of glory
who is shyne 's father	shyne
what did dave cockrum create	dave cockrum
where is langres contained by	langres
which contenent contains mount parnassus	mount parnassus
who plays defender in soccer	defender
who developed sega soccer slam	sega soccer slam
which artist records cuba ?	cuba
where was andrzej pałys born	andrzej pałys
what is zarrko 's occupation	zarrko
who plays the piano ?	piano
name an electronic music artist	electronic music
what plant can cause stroke	stroke
name a parody film .	parody
where is fairbairn college ?	fairbairn college
where was timothy drury born	timothy drury
what profession is raymond chan	raymond chan
what is grand canyon depot	grand canyon depot
where was thirsty work released	thirsty work
who did george eliot influence	george eliot
who recorded hustler 's story	hustler 's story
where was song xiaoqun born	song xiaoqun
what book is foaly from	foaly
what contains savant lake ?	savant lake
what country is ashgabat from	ashgabat
how was lonely house released	lonely house
where was lise lindbæk born	lise lindbæk
who is bedlam directed by	bedlam
what genre is paraseed ?	paraseed
what is in oregon ?	oregon
what is located in louisiana	louisiana
where did abubakar shekau die	abubakar shekau
which was chairul tanjung born	chairul tanjung
where was 7343 ockeghem discovered	7343 ockeghem
which artist sang ohio ?	ohio
who was born in greenwich	greenwich
what country is lassie from	lassie
who was born in bisbee	bisbee
where was alfred müller born	alfred müller
what nationality is rené cogny	rené cogny
which country is habersham in	habersham
what landmark is in pennsylvania	pennsylvania
who operates the hubli airport	hubli airport
what tv series contain texas	texas
who died of cardiovascular disease	cardiovascular disease
what county is duncan in	duncan
where is averett university located	averett university
what gender is timmy williams	timmy williams
where in europe is sarre	sarre
what is simon estes profession	simon estes
what species of dana is	dana
what album is amsterdam on	amsterdam
which gender is emil bessels	emil bessels
where did nikolai efimov die	nikolai efimov
where did hillevi rombin die	hillevi rombin
what books focus on bohemianism	bohemianism
where was dejuan tribble born	dejuan tribble
who wrote the film gia	gia
who influenced jim keeble ?	jim keeble
where was lee bollinger born	lee bollinger
what was released by stay	stay
which country is abergavenny located	abergavenny
where was henrique martins born	henrique martins
what gender is melvin jenkins	melvin jenkins
where is independent colleges ?	independent colleges
what river runs through idaho	idaho
who has john selden influenced	john selden
what country filmed redemption maddie	redemption maddie
which album is mars from	mars
where was susanne korda born	susanne korda
which film is about music	music
where is david druid from	david druid
where is the playground from	the playground
name an airport in barbados	barbados
name a baseball player .	baseball player
what country speaks moi language	moi language
who directed the invisible mouse	the invisible mouse
where did jack shaw die	jack shaw
which instrumentalist plays the guitar	guitar
where is whiteside located ?	whiteside
which artist recorded mars ?	mars
who is caroline kennedy ?	caroline kennedy
where is wu chun-lin from	wu chun-lin
what gender is park cheol-hie	park cheol-hie
name someone born in belfast	belfast
what company produced beyond outrage	beyond outrage
who composed heart in winter	heart in winter
where did sunday reed die	sunday reed
what are some romance films	romance
which county is lititz in	lititz
what county is gilmer in	gilmer
what movie is indie film	indie film
who directed beauty culture ?	beauty culture
name a country rock artist	country rock
who created mandalay pictures ?	mandalay pictures
who is a screenwriter ?	screenwriter
where was debi gliori born	debi gliori
what is anywhere but here	anywhere but here
who directed the film parinda	parinda
where was tyler clementi born	tyler clementi
what label is boyband under	boyband
what edition came from sylvia	sylvia
which state is chamblee in	chamblee
where did pyotr masherov die	pyotr masherov
what county is beauport in	beauport
whats tilman pesch 's profession	tilman pesch
seed is from which album	seed
what gender is george rideout	george rideout
which gender is denis thorpe	denis thorpe
what profession is richard keith	richard keith
what would be an autobiography	autobiography
what gender is mutsumi sasaki	mutsumi sasaki
where was susie scott born	susie scott
where was peter brabrook born	peter brabrook
where did gilda come from	gilda
what sex is rob pike	rob pike
where was comedy released ?	comedy
what gender is magdalene hoff	magdalene hoff
what musician does alternative metal	alternative metal
which artist recorded broken head	broken head
where was dan bigras born	dan bigras
what is a classics book	classics
who was born in havant	havant
name a studio album .	studio album
who developed the game populous	populous
who published fire fighter ?	fire fighter
which artist recorded ballad ?	ballad
where was igor kanygin born	igor kanygin
name a speculative fiction book	speculative fiction
where was harry darby born	harry darby
what is an indie film	indie film
how did gabriel prosser die	gabriel prosser
ecmascript influenced what programming language	ecmascript
what nationality is bernhard themessl	bernhard themessl
who is kettering named after	kettering
what is a techno album	album
what language is alexander in	alexander
where was vladimir ilyin born	vladimir ilyin
which company published wiki ?	wiki
which country is cebu in	cebu
name a famous boxing figure	boxing
name a reggae artist .	reggae
where was karen friesicke born	karen friesicke
where was chris carmichael born	chris carmichael
what country is río in	río
name an island in ontario	ontario
what sex is yisrael ariel	yisrael ariel
which software does jira use	jira
where was sam morrow born	sam morrow
where was winston chao born	winston chao
where was fawzi al-mulki born	fawzi al-mulki
what is cidimar 's gender	cidimar
where did frank cellier die	frank cellier
who wrote straight time ?	straight time
which ethnicity is demis roussos	demis roussos
where did collin mckinney die	collin mckinney
what gender is leif leifland	leif leifland
name a peak in wyoming	wyoming
which company has google buzz	google buzz
where did valley forge happen	valley forge
where was malaka dewapriya born	malaka dewapriya
name a professional screenwriter .	screenwriter
which artist recorded hollywood ?	hollywood
which artist creates electronic music	electronic music
charles demuth died where ?	charles demuth
what is a 1990s album	album
which river is in pakistan	pakistan
what gender is alice szellay	alice szellay
who played with chuck rainey	chuck rainey
which company made vanguard ?	vanguard
what artist recorded cruisin '	cruisin '
which musician created buona domenica	buona domenica
where was paul schäfer born	paul schäfer
what appears in differentialgetriebe2 ?	differentialgetriebe2
where was pope siricius born	pope siricius
what is a drama film	drama film
who is someone from paris	paris
what country was invasion filmed	invasion
where is peravia province ?	peravia province
what does 4177 kohman orbit	4177 kohman
where did dimitri nicolau die	dimitri nicolau
who composed uprising down under	uprising down under
which state is servia in	servia
who created the program o2be	o2be
who is from birmingham ?	birmingham
what is an erotica film	erotica
which religion is charles lenormant	charles lenormant
which state is rocheport in	rocheport
what gender is cándido méndez	cándido méndez
what release was closer from	closer
what is the choice ?	the choice
who directed the big knife	the big knife
name an animation film .	animation
what are soul music albums	soul music
what gender is joseph lin	joseph lin
who wrote open house ?	open house
what position is levi jones	levi jones
where is asiago cheese from	asiago cheese
who is margaret sullavan ?	margaret sullavan
name a short film .	short film
where was flávio guimarães born	flávio guimarães
how was present tense formated	present tense
what is assassinating shakespeare about	assassinating shakespeare
what drug has mineral oil	mineral oil
which company developed google hangouts	google hangouts
what gender is kevin dundon	kevin dundon
who is the jazz musician	jazz
who composed ghosts of war	ghosts of war
where did henry roquemore perish	henry roquemore
what country released friendly fire	friendly fire
what nationality is otto behaghel	otto behaghel
what does accessory fair sell	accessory fair
which country filmed analyze this	analyze this
what album contains dj mix	dj mix
name a 1998 studio album	studio album
where was richard hooker born	richard hooker
which artist recorded chicago ?	chicago
what station broadcasted patrick swayze	patrick swayze
what album is believe on	believe
where was lightbulb sun released	lightbulb sun
where was christian nerlinger born	christian nerlinger
name a notable record producer	record producer
what genre is free fall	free fall
which movie is adventure film	adventure film
what sex is ole hallesby	ole hallesby
where was steve tully born	steve tully
name a notable keyboard player	keyboard
what river fills lake champlain	lake champlain
what gender is ken salazar	ken salazar
what is vega 1 ?	vega 1
what action/adventure film was shown	action/adventure
where is hey from ?	hey
who recorded black hearted woman	black hearted woman
name a netflix drama .	drama
where was kaan girgin born	kaan girgin
where was asit sen born	asit sen
what gender is charles meade	charles meade
where was gracinha leporace born	gracinha leporace
where was john lloyd born	john lloyd
what are some song names	song
which gender is mack bolan	mack bolan
where was robyn tomlin born	robyn tomlin
who recorded deep purple ?	deep purple
what gender is yukari tanizaki	yukari tanizaki
who composed perfect blue buildings	perfect blue buildings
who died from cirrhosis ?	cirrhosis
what group includes flemish people	flemish people
what is paul giel position	paul giel
which position is viktor antikhovich	viktor antikhovich
where was allan rock born	allan rock
which musician recorded the prince	the prince
what genre is empire considered	empire
where is 448-547 located ?	448-547
who wrote the windwalkers ?	the windwalkers
what release is murder on	murder
where did ellen lundström die	ellen lundström
which country filmed passing shadows	passing shadows
what format is fearless	fearless
name a history film	history
which group recorded tokyo	tokyo
who published neo contra	neo contra
what cyclone affected hainan	hainan
who recorded rca records	rca records
what is ted steele	ted steele
which country locates chester	chester
who discovered 4171 carrasco	4171 carrasco
who composed turkish security	turkish security
which county contains buckley	buckley
what is 6864 starkenburg	6864 starkenburg
where is bayuvi dupki	bayuvi dupki
what country released phonograph	phonograph
what is random thoughts	random thoughts
which artist recorded fix	fix
name a song .	song
what is pentobarbital sodium	pentobarbital sodium
where was tri-angle released	tri-angle
what county is taliesin	taliesin
who recorded caledonia ?	caledonia
who recorded the island	the island
name a professor .	professor
name a famous professor	professor
who discovered 5551 glikson	5551 glikson
how is magnant played	magnant
which artist recorded wake	wake
what killed tom held	tom held
who recorded mona lisa	mona lisa
who produced blood diamond	blood diamond
who influenced frank herbert	frank herbert
where was copenhagen released	copenhagen
name a screenwriter .	screenwriter
who founded abkco records	abkco records
which website contains news	news
what is theta andromedae	theta andromedae
where is isparta in	isparta
who is from skopje	skopje
who created temperance brennan	temperance brennan
who is herm schaefer	herm schaefer
where is beclean located	beclean
where is mechanicsburg ?	mechanicsburg
name a notable teacher	teacher
who directed julius caesar	julius caesar
where did jahangir die	jahangir
who directed the routine	the routine
where is csákány ?	csákány
what killed carol dempster	carol dempster
which guidebook contains marmaris	marmaris
who wrote nocturnal pleasure	nocturnal pleasure
who plays heavy metal	heavy metal
which country locates prestatyn	prestatyn
name a screenwriter .	screenwriter
which musician recorded bolivia	bolivia
what is haastrecht ?	haastrecht
name a post-grunge ablum	post-grunge
who authored magic wand	magic wand
who wrote marcel duchamp	marcel duchamp
how was perfil released	perfil
who published ratatouille ?	ratatouille
where is carnton located	carnton
what is broughton astley	broughton astley
what is castle crags	castle crags
what color is kintamani	kintamani
what is in illinois	illinois
who wrote victor victoria	victor victoria
what is baby huey	baby huey
name a romance novel	romance novel
which group recorded cocaine	cocaine
which album contains vienna	vienna
name a mystery film	mystery film
which movie is horror	horror
name a bollywood film	bollywood
name a shooter game	shooter game
what is winchester castle	winchester castle
which musician recorded daniel	daniel
whats a 1990 animation	animation
what gender is meatwad	meatwad
who is artur rasizade	artur rasizade
which movie is drama	drama
who influenced albert einstein	albert einstein
name a biology book	biology
what country released multiviza	multiviza
which region released voltaïc	voltaïc
where is pergola from	pergola
how was sueño fortmatted	sueño
who produced charmbracelet ?	charmbracelet
where was nursie filmed	nursie
what is tomorrow ?	tomorrow
what is phenmetrazine ?	phenmetrazine
which movie is black-and-white	black-and-white
what is billy ?	billy
who is xeneizes by	xeneizes
what is sangli ?	sangli
which country produced queensland	queensland
who authored coming after	coming after
where is phillipsburg ?	phillipsburg
who discovered 2212 hephaistos	2212 hephaistos
name a famous politician	politician
which architect uses modernisme	modernisme
who produced halloween resurrection	halloween resurrection
where is rosedale ?	rosedale
who played outfielder ?	outfielder
what country filmed yellow	yellow
what is sammy rachels	sammy rachels
name a female character	female
name a screenwriter .	screenwriter
what is 6520 sugawa	6520 sugawa
name a politician .	politician
name a solar system	solar system
what is hd 8673	hd 8673
who plays the guitar	guitar
where was intentions released	intentions
who wrote taking steps	taking steps
what was elaine marshall	elaine marshall
what genre is silverspirit	silverspirit
who composed little things	little things
which rating is 2046	2046
who is indigenous australians	indigenous australians
where is culbertson ?	culbertson
where is malai located	malai
what genre is disgorge	disgorge
which artist recorded tomorrow	tomorrow
who influenced martin meenan	martin meenan
which instrumentalist plays oboe	oboe
what dog is black	black
who influenced jason smilovic	jason smilovic
who created fantastic man	fantastic man
who influenced garret schuelke	garret schuelke
who directed happy times	happy times
who created garrick ollivander	garrick ollivander
who directed cop out	cop out
who is a screenwriter	screenwriter
which artist recorded colorado	colorado
where did boethius die	boethius
which country released africa	africa
who died from pneumonia	pneumonia
who plays the organ	organ
where is hawkinstown found	hawkinstown
who directed mean girls	mean girls
which movie is drama	drama
where is gassoway located	gassoway
where was trotsky filmed	trotsky
name a film director	film director
who plays defender ?	defender
who recorded first lady	first lady
who produced mankillers ?	mankillers
which track released strip	strip
what genre is rorschach	rorschach
what country contains thun	thun
what is 10825 augusthermann	10825 augusthermann
which country contains adevărul	adevărul
where is osafune located	osafune
what science studies gallstone	gallstone
where is lofoten ?	lofoten
name a musician .	musician
name a teacher .	teacher
who produced the tune	the tune
name a japanese actor	actor
a version of alhambra	alhambra
name an album .	album
where was edelbrock founded	edelbrock
where is el lago	el lago
name a politician .	politician
which gender is verza	verza
who was a pitcher	pitcher
which musician creates lustdriven	lustdriven
what is the spine	the spine
what is chen hung-i	chen hung-i
where is fletcher house	fletcher house
who composed pathetic ?	pathetic
who recorded soldier ?	soldier
what gender is minoru	minoru
what is charlotte ?	charlotte
name a drama film	drama film
what artist recorded earth	earth
which musician recorded fantasy	fantasy
where is buckland ?	buckland
where is kock located	kock
name a sport book	sport
what is bbmak ?	bbmak
who composed biko ?	biko
who wrote mrs. mack	mrs. mack
name an actor .	actor
who plays acoustic music	acoustic music
name a lawyer .	lawyer
what is minor lakes	minor lakes
where was mybloglog founded	mybloglog
which movie is horror	horror
name a businessman .	businessman
where was 1991 released	1991
which state locates rickahock	rickahock
how was f♯a♯∞ released	f♯a♯∞
who directed stage beauty	stage beauty
which artist made cars	cars
name a journalist .	journalist
which genre is wonderful	wonderful
where was victorio born	victorio
what author wrote heartbreak	heartbreak
name a photographer .	photographer
what location contains spike	spike
who is george spence	george spence
where is compassberg located	compassberg
name an actor .	actor
where is sellersville located	sellersville
where is kirkman north	kirkman north
what is about asteroid	asteroid
name a romance film	romance film
what is birwa language	birwa language
name an actor .	actor
where is osceola ?	osceola
that genre is steam	steam
which country contains challock	challock
name a fantasy show	fantasy
what state encompasses centennial	centennial
where is duniya from	duniya
who discovered topos theory	topos theory
name a football midfielder	midfielder
what is uto station	uto station
what movie contain bollywood	bollywood
name an entrepreneur .	entrepreneur
which country locates richmond	richmond
where requires met office	met office
which artist recorded bulletproof	bulletproof
name a soundtrack .	soundtrack
who directed cleopatra ?	cleopatra
where was hadise born	hadise
what is an album	album
where is reddish located	reddish
what is xaragure language	xaragure language
what manufacturer produced msx2	msx2
name a compilation album	compilation album
name a fiction book	fiction
what orbits the sun	the sun
who directed too romantic	too romantic
what industry is radiolinja	radiolinja
where is marling located	marling
who was a judge	judge
which country released eldorado	eldorado
who wrote goodbye bafana	goodbye bafana
who is chuck nevitt	chuck nevitt
name a horror film	horror film
what does nafcillin treat	nafcillin
which country released junkbox	junkbox
where was red released	red
where is knob noster	knob noster
state an electronica album	electronica
where was revolution released	revolution
what is ben hall	ben hall
what band recorded star	star
name a compilation album	compilation album
which band recorded trust	trust
who european american psychologist	european american
name an actor .	actor
who plays synthesizer ?	synthesizer
name a fantasy book	fantasy
which country contains roosevelt	roosevelt
who does pop music	pop music
what artist recorded madonna	madonna
who studies meteorology ?	meteorology
who is an actor	actor
what is edmond privat	edmond privat
where does shamshi serve	shamshi
which album is soundtrack	soundtrack
how was blink‐182 released	blink‐182
name an album .	album
where was believe released	believe
what killed conrad gessner	conrad gessner
name a professional screenwriter	screenwriter
what is a restaurant	restaurant
where is pavlodar located	pavlodar
what is milk ?	milk
what killed sadao yamanaka	sadao yamanaka
what is tyrese ?	tyrese
what is jean-jacques rousseau	jean-jacques rousseau
what genre is centurion	centurion
who recorded kurt cobain	kurt cobain
who produced stay hungry	stay hungry
who directed doctor dolittle	doctor dolittle
who produced success ?	success
which musician recorded lost	lost
who produced the notebook	the notebook
who is alex goude	alex goude
how was 2001 released	2001
what is country life	country life
what is avian influenza	avian influenza
who signed orrin keepnews	orrin keepnews
who authored silverheart ?	silverheart
what genre is warmonger	warmonger
who authored punishment park	punishment park
who influenced charles baudelaire	charles baudelaire
who directed destricted ?	destricted
name an actor .	actor
how was red released	red
what country released necroshine	necroshine
name a theatre director	theatre director
name a singer .	singer
who is jirô nagae	jirô nagae
who recorded salem ?	salem
which artist recorded sujinho	sujinho
what is selayar language	selayar language
name an actor .	actor
who created fear itself	fear itself
what artist recorded synthesizzler	synthesizzler
where is bass located	bass
name a male model	model
what is stay ?	stay
who recorded cuba ?	cuba
who released bad boy	bad boy
what 's inside greenport	greenport
who developed battlefield 2142	battlefield 2142
who recorded bruce lee	bruce lee
which nation filmed spread	spread
name a compilation album	compilation album
what country contains lynnville	lynnville
where was cast released	cast
what gender is charlemagne	charlemagne
what are jazz albums	jazz
name an actor .	actor
name a soundtrack album	soundtrack
what is neil armstrong	neil armstrong
what is ngwe language	ngwe language
who is mohammed fairouz	mohammed fairouz
which artist recorded wake	wake
name an anti-racism organization	anti-racism
name an actor .	actor
what are fiction titles	fiction
which artist recorded fused	fused
what does info-zip do	info-zip
how was zathura released	zathura
name an educational film	educational film
who created matthew cable	matthew cable
what label signed tiktak	tiktak
who produced on hope	on hope
name an actor .	actor
where is coniolo located	coniolo
who created iron man	iron man
what is dead man	dead man
what continent released weathered	weathered
what is promised land	promised land
which genre is resurrection	resurrection
who produced free ?	free
where was jumpshot born	jumpshot
who wrote brazilian adventure	brazilian adventure
who recorded london ?	london
what genre is ayesha	ayesha
who influenced michael craig-martin	michael craig-martin
how was dolores released	dolores
who recorded nightmare song	nightmare song
who influenced jerry fodor	jerry fodor
name an anthropology book	anthropology
what killed andrés rodríguez	andrés rodríguez
who is tony desantis	tony desantis
how was dissimulate released	dissimulate
who broadcasted rod stewart	rod stewart
who designed makuhari messe	makuhari messe
who published wonderland ?	wonderland
which musician recorded duel	duel
name a poet .	poet
where is croviana located	croviana
whats adriano spadoto position	adriano spadoto
which artist recorded thailand	thailand
where is pennsylvania situated	pennsylvania
which musician recorded cadillac	cadillac
who plays defender ?	defender
who developed darwinia+ ?	darwinia+
what is a topic	topic
who record dry lightning	dry lightning
how is narcolepsy treated	narcolepsy
who designed antonov an-22	antonov an-22
name an actor .	actor
who recorded tibet ?	tibet
what 's in oxfordshire	oxfordshire
which country contains goffstown	goffstown
name a remix album	remix album
who directed 9500 liberty	9500 liberty
what genre is resolution	resolution
what genre is popi	popi
who created tamsin appleby	tamsin appleby
who founded sazō idemitsu	sazō idemitsu
what actor committed suicide	suicide
what are indie dramas	indie dramas
which disease has hypertriglyceridemia	hypertriglyceridemia
who published the thing	the thing
who composed we remain	we remain
how was valtari released	valtari
who is anthony ricketts	anthony ricketts
who boradcasts olivia newton-john	olivia newton-john
name a baseball player	baseball player
name a grindcore band	grindcore
which city produced kucd	kucd
who recorded wu gambinos	wu gambinos
name an emo album	emo
how was emissaries released	emissaries
who is virginia lanier	virginia lanier
name a professional writer	writer
what is a memoir	memoir
who authored germany ?	germany
who recorded we want	we want
which country locates dudhrej	dudhrej
whats dan kwong gender	dan kwong
which model is lti	lti
who published nba 06	nba 06
who is from medellin	medellin
what is d-war rated	d-war
what is cruz bay	cruz bay
name a jazz artist	jazz
name a male actor	actor
who is david leivick	david leivick
who produced alpha dog	alpha dog
name a sitcom .	sitcom
what is ojos azules	ojos azules
who recorded infectious ?	infectious
name an action/adventure film	action/adventure
what killed jack mullaney	jack mullaney
where is chesterfield plaza	chesterfield plaza
who plays piano ?	piano
name a novel .	novel
who plays the guitar	guitar
where is spaldwick located	spaldwick
who edited rescue dawn	rescue dawn
name a composer .	composer
what genre is confetti	confetti
who wrote true stories	true stories
name a professional singer-songwriter	singer-songwriter
name a history film	history
what label released clear	clear
who was torquato neto	torquato neto
who owns keyn-fm ?	keyn-fm
which format is honest	honest
what is andreas roene	andreas roene
name a private school	private school
what area contains whistler	whistler
what musician wrote manhattan-kaboul	manhattan-kaboul
name a rapcore artist	rapcore
what is rohtang pass	rohtang pass
who directed cruise cat	cruise cat
what is by george	by george
what was adam smith	adam smith
who sings heaven 1580am	heaven 1580am
name an actor .	actor
where was up released	up
name some steampunk books	steampunk
which country created mercury	mercury
name a famous photographer	photographer
who is merlin kopp	merlin kopp
who discovered 11836 eileen	11836 eileen
what is 3891 werner	3891 werner
what region released jukebox	jukebox
who influenced mariah carey	mariah carey
who was pete naktenis	pete naktenis
name a female character	female
who is blake griffin	blake griffin
where is entombed from	entombed
where was jubilee released	jubilee
what artist created sarabande	sarabande
name a horror movie	horror movie
who recorded believe ?	believe
which artist recorded ranchera	ranchera
who produced zulu ?	zulu
which state contains ashland	ashland
which state contains dogpatch	dogpatch
name a drama film	drama film
which artist recorded christmas	christmas
who wrote soviet union	soviet union
where does dxam play	dxam
who publishes new avengers/transformers	new avengers/transformers
who is enrique medrano	enrique medrano
which county contains gresham	gresham
where is university neighborhood	university neighborhood
where is aereogramme from	aereogramme
how was cancer released	cancer
name a professional animator	animator
who produced double wedding	double wedding
which city contains forest	forest
what is 8096 emilezola	8096 emilezola
who is quadtrine hill	quadtrine hill
where was taggart filmed	taggart
where was rockula filmed	rockula
what musician recorded louisiana	louisiana
what is guantanamo about	guantanamo
where is goodrich located	goodrich
what orbits the sun	the sun
who developed jr. pac-man	jr. pac-man
name a male actor	actor
which artist made knoxville	knoxville
whats ram loevy gender	ram loevy
who created the joker	the joker
what artist recorded sheep	sheep
name a baseball pitcher	pitcher
whats xavier gélin profession	xavier gélin
who is karel weis	karel weis
which artist recorded mercy	mercy
who recorded thailand ?	thailand
name an actor .	actor
what is toilet training	toilet training
where was tuya born	tuya
name a writer .	writer
who composed down under	down under
what genre is clutch	clutch
how is ethanolamine classified	ethanolamine
where contains purus river	purus river
who recorded deep purple	deep purple
who composed veronica ?	veronica
where is washington located	washington
who loves progressive metal	progressive metal
where is yongin located	yongin
who produced run around	run around
who created young justice	young justice
who recorded selection of	selection of
name a high school	high school
what released united nations	united nations
who is human ?	human
what company owns xew-am	xew-am
which track contains basta	basta
which country contains jamestown	jamestown
what is largemouth bass	largemouth bass
what genre is scream	scream
what artist recorded houston	houston
what artist recorded colors	colors
who created patty	patty
who recorded night	night
who published mindshadow	mindshadow
what is stay	stay
what is diplomat	diplomat
who recorded congress	congress
name a drummer	drummer
where is airuno	airuno
who developed automake	automake
who produced september	september
where is clintonville	clintonville
who recorded star	star
what is umeshu	umeshu
who is aurora	aurora
who owns kltv	kltv
who produced heat	heat
name an asteroid	asteroid
name a song	song
what is paint	paint
who recorded miami	miami
name a painter	painter
who directed autograph	autograph
name a singer	singer
what was disco	disco
what is kingston	kingston
who wrote california	california
who recorded fireball	fireball
who owns wjz-tv	wjz-tv
what is alibi	alibi
who made jestofunk	jestofunk
what is fever	fever
who recorded habanera	habanera
what is tenayuca	tenayuca
what prevents syphilis	syphilis
who recorded experience	experience
who wrote babylon	babylon
what is eszopiclone	eszopiclone
who composed arma-goddamn-motherfuckin-geddon	arma-goddamn-motherfuckin-geddon
who recorded poison	poison
who composed bad	bad
who composed constantinople	constantinople
what is mobile	mobile
who plays defender	defender
who performs baby	baby
what is llanbedr	llanbedr
name an asteroid	asteroid
who owns ktaz	ktaz
who is pastor	pastor
what is langesund	langesund
who recorded alaska	alaska
name a bandleader	bandleader
what is nepal	nepal
what is babylon	babylon
who plays catcher	catcher
who composed somewhere	somewhere
who founded microland	microland
name a midfielder	midfielder
who played midfielder	midfielder
name an actor	actor
name an album	album
who directed naran	naran
who produced shakermaker	shakermaker
name an actor	actor
who recorded heroes	heroes
who practiced boxing	boxing
who created ghaur	ghaur
what is reunion	reunion
who composed rush	rush
what is ermita	ermita
who are ukrainians	ukrainians
who created batman	batman
who composed tomorrow	tomorrow
who created kutumb	kutumb
name an actor	actor
who directed harlow	harlow
whats maybe someday	maybe someday
who plays midfielder	midfielder
who produced strange	strange
what is boston	boston
who recorded london	london
name a screenwriter	screenwriter
where is 86046	86046
who recorded zift	zift
what is manchester	manchester
name an actor	actor
where is benbrook	benbrook
who developed gun.smoke	gun.smoke
spartacus is what	spartacus
who does photography	photography
what is success	success
who directed daybreak	daybreak
where is castelcovati	castelcovati
where is eva	eva
what is renault	renault
what causes mesothelioma	mesothelioma
what is atonement	atonement
who recorded cherry	cherry
name a drama	drama
who composed xo	xo
who discovered oxygen	oxygen
name an athlete	athlete
who produced illuminata	illuminata
name an album	album
who directed buddimantudu	buddimantudu
where is rabwah	rabwah
where is seaton	seaton
what is 12	12
who composed japan	japan
where is musselwhite	musselwhite
name a drug	drug
name an actor	actor
who produced visitors	visitors
who is moldovans	moldovans
who recorded montana	montana
what is tonga	tonga
name a musician	musician
what is casselberry	casselberry
who composed ashtabula	ashtabula
what is unleashed	unleashed
what causes onychomycosis	onychomycosis
what is manchester	manchester
where is bangor	bangor
name a pitcher	pitcher
who directed thief	thief
what is africa	africa
name an album	album
what is dangerous	dangerous
what is marta	marta
who recorded lost	lost
who recorded sahara	sahara
who published myst	myst
what is gnome	gnome
who edited rudraksh	rudraksh
name a song	song
what is seattle	seattle
what recorded impressions	impressions
who inspired aenesidemus	aenesidemus
who produced moodring	moodring
where is lewisburg	lewisburg
who practiced boxing	boxing
what is free	free
