name one of malaysia 's thirteen states that lies on the western coast of the peninsula and south of kuala lumpur	malaysia
name a brazilian actress born in sao paulo who played a role in the 2010 so hard to forget movie	sao paulo
what is a song on the album ransom note and beyond ( the best of dear enemy )	ransom note and beyond ( the best of dear enemy )
what is a track from the release of `` the piper at the gates of dawn '' ?	the piper at the gates of dawn
whats the artists name of the album a snowflake fell ( and it felt like a kiss )	a snowflake fell ( and it felt like a kiss )
who was the author editor of the book lord of the flies ( macmillan literature series ) ?	lord of the flies ( macmillan literature series )
who is the developer of the game the lord of the rings : war of the ring ?	the lord of the rings : war of the ring
who is the cinematographer that contributed to making the film who 's been sleeping in my bed ?	who 's been sleeping in my bed ?
what 's the original language man , next natural girl : 100 nights in yokohama was released in	man , next natural girl : 100 nights in yokohama
what is the format of the release the best of marv johnson - you got what it takes	the best of marv johnson - you got what it takes
what was the release type of big , bigger , biggest ! the best of mr. big !	big , bigger , biggest ! the best of mr. big !
who was the editing author of the book midnight in the garden of good and evil ?	midnight in the garden of good and evil
what 's the title of one episode from the show body of evidence ( 2002 ) ?	body of evidence ( 2002 )
what is the name of a movie title that is classified as a thriller ( genre )	thriller
lady in autumn : the best of the verve years is what type of work piece ?	lady in autumn : the best of the verve years
what is the binding of the book the story of my life ( with her letters )	the story of my life ( with her letters )
what is the name of one of the historic residential neighborhoods in san francisco bay area ?	san francisco bay area
under what company was the film tom & jerry and the fast and the furry produced ?	tom & jerry and the fast and the furry
waht is the name of the amercian author of the song fanette ( la fanette ) ?	fanette ( la fanette )
what was the original release type of frank sinatra : volume iii : my heart tells me	frank sinatra : volume iii : my heart tells me
who is the publisher for the game might and magic vii : for blood and honor ?	might and magic vii : for blood and honor
what country is the subject of the anglo files : a field guide to the british	the anglo files : a field guide to the british
what type of music does the ten songs in the key of betrayal album contain ?	ten songs in the key of betrayal
who is the bassist of music group sheila on 7 that was born in yogyakarta ?	yogyakarta
what is a track off of so far ... the best of bajaga & instruktori ?	so far ... the best of bajaga & instruktori
which artist is featured on the music album `` the best of tommy dorsey ? ''	the best of tommy dorsey
what is the single little red rooster ( feat. john sebastian ) a version of ?	little red rooster
which genre on netflix is drawing the line : a portrait of keith haring found under	drawing the line : a portrait of keith haring
in which country was the war : i 'm beginning to see the light album released	the war : i 'm beginning to see the light
what 's one orchestra that performed symphony no. 2 / variations on a theme by haydn	symphony no. 2 / variations on a theme by haydn
who was the lyricist for the play only the lonely - the roy orbison story ?	only the lonely - the roy orbison story
what is the category of the book a to z of scientists in weather and climate	a to z of scientists in weather and climate
what type of film is lyoha dostoevsky - a descendant of a genius considered to be	lyoha dostoevsky - a descendant of a genius
what type of music is on the album final fantasy v : original sound version ?	final fantasy v : original sound version
what track list is in the release where 'd you learn to kiss that way ?	where 'd you learn to kiss that way ?
what is a song featured in the never more than now : the abc collection album	never more than now : the abc collection
who is the main artist in the cello concerto no. 2 / symphony no. 5 album	cello concerto no. 2 / symphony no. 5
what kind of film is nurses on the line : the crash of flight 7 ?	nurses on the line : the crash of flight 7
mastermix classic cuts 59 : soul/r & b is the release that includes what track ?	mastermix classic cuts 59 : soul/r & b
what genre is the netflix film how to lose friends & alienate people apart of ?	how to lose friends & alienate people
what is a way the game neon genesis evangelion : ayanami raising project can be played	neon genesis evangelion : ayanami raising project
what war is the subject of the game blazing angels 2 : secret missions of wwii	blazing angels 2 : secret missions of wwii
what is the name of a recurring competition that contains the totally , totally inappropriate competition	totally , totally inappropriate
whats the name of a city that is located in new york in the united states	united states
what album content type is faithful virtue : the reprise recordings ( disc 3 ) ?	faithful virtue : the reprise recordings ( disc 3 )
which tracks are listed in the release kiss my wami 1997 ( disc 2 ) ?	kiss my wami 1997 ( disc 2 )
whats the name of a track that was on the release back to mine : underworld	back to mine : underworld
what region in the world was travelin ' light with sam pilafian & friends released in	travelin ' light with sam pilafian & friends
what the route of the drug 6 % benzoyl peroxide 3 % sulfur 0.069/0.03 gel ?	6 % benzoyl peroxide 3 % sulfur 0.069/0.03 gel
what is a track in the renaissance : the masters series , part 12 album ?	renaissance : the masters series , part 12
writer francesco rosi wrote this film about the life and death of an italian businessman .	francesco rosi
who was the executive producer for the film who sold you this , then ? ?	who sold you this , then ?
what is the genre of the film miyamoto musashi iii : birth of the nito-ryu style	miyamoto musashi iii : birth of the nito-ryu style
what is a title you can expect to find in the netflix genre united kingdom ?	united kingdom
fantasy : mariah carey at madison square garden is an example of what kind of film	fantasy : mariah carey at madison square garden
what is the name of one of the song in the crab claw collective album ?	crab claw collective
whats the name of a river in iran that is found in the country of asia	asia
what is the subject content of the book hellcat , the f6f in world war ii	hellcat , the f6f in world war ii
what is the netfix genre where bleach : vol. 30 : the arrancar can be found	bleach : vol. 30 : the arrancar
who was the author and editor of the book edition the adventure of the impromptu mountaineer	the adventure of the impromptu mountaineer
what is the genre of the music album soulfully live in the city of angels ?	soulfully live in the city of angels
who wrote the book north and south ( north and south trilogy , book 1 )	north and south ( north and south trilogy , book 1 )
what is the name of a country that was involved in the western desert campaign ?	western desert campaign
what country did iss pyaar ko kya naam doon ? ... ek baar phir originate from	iss pyaar ko kya naam doon ? ... ek baar phir
who is the producer on evangelion : 3.0 you can ( not ) redo ?	evangelion : 3.0 you can ( not ) redo
what is the country of origin of the tv program gim me a break !	gim me a break !
what type of netflix film is war file : battlefield : the west wall ?	war file : battlefield : the west wall
name the modern science fiction author of a funeral for the eyes of fire .	a funeral for the eyes of fire
what type of music is remixes 81-04 ( disc 4 : rare tracks ) ?	remixes 81-04 ( disc 4 : rare tracks )
what is the name of a city found in pasco county in the united states	united states
what country was judy collins sings dylan ... just like a woman released in ?	judy collins sings dylan ... just like a woman
what track was featured on the release jazz in the charts 075 ( 1943-1944 )	jazz in the charts 075 ( 1943-1944 )
what type of album is the day you went away : the best of m2m	the day you went away : the best of m2m
what genre is the album ... to be loved : the best of papa roach	... to be loved : the best of papa roach
what genre of netflix would you expect to find the film bheegi raat in ?	bheegi raat
what is a comune in the province of pisa in the italian region of tuscany	tuscany
what is a track released on james bond in action / themes for secret agents	james bond in action / themes for secret agents
which netflix genre would the line king : the al hirschfeld story be located under	the line king : the al hirschfeld story
who was the executive producer on the film mandela : long walk to freedom ?	mandela : long walk to freedom
what language is sudden terror : the hijacking of school bus # 17 in ?	sudden terror : the hijacking of school bus # 17
what was the release type of the album final fantasy vocal collections i : pray	final fantasy vocal collections i : pray
what is the song from the recording tomorrow ( full on vibe mix ) '	tomorrow ( full on vibe mix )
what is a track on the album dark matter : multiverse , 2004 - 2009	dark matter : multiverse , 2004 - 2009
who composed the concerto in d major , op. 10 no. 5 , rv 429	concerto in d major , op. 10 no. 5 , rv 429
what is a name of a track made by the artist alice in videoland ?	alice in videoland
what is the legal status of the drug acetaminophen and phenylephrine hcl 325/5 capsule ?	acetaminophen and phenylephrine hcl 325/5 capsule
what language is on the film amanda knox : murder on trial in italy ?	amanda knox : murder on trial in italy
what is a song from the release now that 's what i call xmas ?	now that 's what i call xmas
what type of architecture was used to build st andrew 's church , steeple gidding	st andrew 's church , steeple gidding
what female rap artist was featured in all i do is win ( remix )	all i do is win ( remix )
what language was aye , and gomorrah , and other stories originally written in ?	aye , and gomorrah , and other stories
what is a track on the release now dance : 2002 , volume 2 ?	now dance : 2002 , volume 2
where is npr : wait wait ... do n't tell me ! podcast broadcasted ?	npr : wait wait ... do n't tell me !
what is the canonical version of the recording santa claus is coming to town ?	santa claus is coming to town
what is the name of the asteroid found in the asteroid belt in 1983 ?	asteroid belt
which track list is in the release king of pop : the new zealand collection	king of pop : the new zealand collection
whats language is spoken in the movie mingo y aníbal , dos pelotazos en contra	mingo y aníbal , dos pelotazos en contra
who is the artist that created stan getz and j.j. johnson at the opera house	stan getz and j.j. johnson at the opera house
what type of album is konzerte für violine , violine und oboe , cembali ?	konzerte für violine , violine und oboe , cembali
what is a featured location in the film the working class goes to heaven ?	the working class goes to heaven
what language is spoken in the movie the night evelyn came out of the grave	the night evelyn came out of the grave
what is the name of a film that could be categorized as an indie film	indie film
name a netflix film that falls under the movies for ages 8 to 10 category	movies for ages 8 to 10
name a version of the single brothers & sisters ( single mix original-1 ) .	brothers & sisters ( single mix original-1 )
what is the name of a college that is located in the republic of ireland	republic of ireland
what is the name of a neighborhood where imperial chinese seafood restaurant is located ?	imperial chinese seafood restaurant
what is the country that how to re-establish a vodka empire was filmed in ?	how to re-establish a vodka empire
who is the famous artist that created the recording telephone ( kaskade dub remix )	telephone ( kaskade dub remix )
what ; s a track off a little bit faster and a little bit worse	a little bit faster and a little bit worse
what is the earlier edition of black beauty ( read & listen books ) ?	black beauty ( read & listen books )
what genre of music is the album bonnie 's kitchen # 2 released in ?	bonnie 's kitchen # 2
what is the artist who is on the tigger movie songs & story album ?	the tigger movie songs & story
what format was e che mai sarà - le mie più belle canzoni released in	e che mai sarà - le mie più belle canzoni
what is the book that was previously in the series of the garden of eden	the garden of eden
who is the lyricist of you do n't always do what 's best for you	you do n't always do what 's best for you
what is the genre of the album everybody needs somebody to love / think ?	everybody needs somebody to love / think
what area is the south bay ( san francisco bay area ) located in ?	south bay
what is the type of release of earth a.d. / wolfs blood / evilive ?	earth a.d. / wolfs blood / evilive
who was the custom designer for the the ladies man ( 2000 film ) ?	the ladies man
what is the tv series big ideas that changed the world - season 1 about	big ideas that changed the world - season 1
who is the artist of the recording under the influence ( jes grew ) ?	under the influence ( jes grew )
what type of album was all the stuff ( and more ) , volume 2	all the stuff ( and more ) , volume 2
whats the genre of music that the artist willie `` the lion '' smith makes	willie `` the lion '' smith
what is the name of a famous street near the sienne river in paris ?	paris
who is the artist from the album still stills : the best of stephen stills	still stills : the best of stephen stills
what genre of book is so long , and thanks for all the fish ?	so long , and thanks for all the fish
what type of computer videogame genre is the game red dead redemption : undead nightmare	red dead redemption : undead nightmare
what is the name of a title found under the thriller ( genre )	thriller
what kind of music is made by artists , cannibals , poets , thieves	artists , cannibals , poets , thieves
which amusement park is the enchanted tiki room ( under new management ) in	the enchanted tiki room ( under new management )
who was one of the production companies listed in the beginning of cinderella man	cinderella man
what type of album is with ears to see and eyes to hear ?	with ears to see and eyes to hear
who is the artist for rhapsody on a theme of paganini : variation 13	rhapsody on a theme of paganini : variation 13
what format was a dream to believe in , vol. 2 released on ?	a dream to believe in , vol. 2
what is a legal case in the court of supreme court of canada ?	supreme court of canada
what is the tv series for the episode they saved lisa 's brain ?	they saved lisa 's brain
what 's one of the topics discussed in an artist against the third reich	an artist against the third reich
who is the artist for the album rant 'n rave with the stray cats	rant 'n rave with the stray cats
what is the subject of the written work tracing the history of your house	tracing the history of your house
what type of chemical formulation is zinc oxide , octinoxate 0.19/0.075 liquid classified ?	zinc oxide , octinoxate 0.19/0.075 liquid
whats the name of an episode from the look for less - season 3	the look for less - season 3
henri , grand duke of luxembourg is the monarch of what royal line ?	henri , grand duke of luxembourg
what is the lowest grade taught in ponderosa high school , parker , colorado	ponderosa high school , parker , colorado
what is a species that is found at the discovery outpost children 's zoo	discovery outpost children 's zoo
what platform is used for the game fantasy earth : the ring of dominion	fantasy earth : the ring of dominion
what is the location of duncan of jordanstone college of art and design ?	duncan of jordanstone college of art and design
what types of movie is jann arden : a work in progress in netflix	jann arden : a work in progress
what type of musical compilation is the free for all tour ( demo )	free for all tour ( demo )
who sang in the song ev'rybody wants to be a cat ( aristocats )	ev'rybody wants to be a cat ( aristocats )
who is the author editor of the book the lord of the rings ?	the lord of the rings
what is the track off of the complete cbs studio recordings of woody shaw	the complete cbs studio recordings of woody shaw
whats the name of an artist whose musical genre is classified as punk rock	punk rock
who did the interior illustrations of l'antitête , vol. ii : minuits pour géants	l'antitête , vol. ii : minuits pour géants
who recorded a version of the song what do you think about lovin '	what do you think about lovin '
what is the theme of the amusement park ride toy story midway mania !	toy story midway mania !
what type of music is on the album turn around , look at me	turn around , look at me
what is travel destination near the tourist attraction smolny cathedral in saint petersburg ?	smolny cathedral in saint petersburg
which tracks are released under you mean we get paid for this ? ?	you mean we get paid for this ?
what is the name of a location in the north american central time zone	central time zone
who is the creator of dragon warrior : legend of the hero abel ?	dragon warrior : legend of the hero abel
name a 2002 indian tamil romantic biographical film film written and directed by vasanthabalan	biographical film
what is the name of a book of the speculative fiction literary genre ?	speculative fiction
the twelve foot ninja is a band that records what genre of music ?	twelve foot ninja
where was the book antologi drama indonesia , jilid 4 ( 1969-2000 ) published	antologi drama indonesia , jilid 4 ( 1969-2000 )
what type of sports film is arthur ashe : citizen of the world ?	arthur ashe : citizen of the world
what 's one of the regions that the album village people was released in	village people
what kind of video game is super mario land 2 : 6 golden coins	super mario land 2 : 6 golden coins
what is the name of an american post-hardcore band formed in 2010 in dallas	post-hardcore
who was the author from the book the jewish wife and other short plays	the jewish wife and other short plays
what type of album is the buck owens story , volume 1 : 1956-1964	the buck owens story , volume 1 : 1956-1964
who is the artist of the album scream if you wan na go faster	scream if you wan na go faster
who authored and edited tanequil ( high druid of shannara , book 2 )	tanequil ( high druid of shannara , book 2 )
what kind of music was featured by the album the devil put dinosaurs here	the devil put dinosaurs here
what 's one of the subjects talked about it usually begins with ayn rand	it usually begins with ayn rand
in what borough in south yorkshire , england is the porter brook river located	porter brook
what is the content discussed on cnn : paging dr. gupta ( video )	cnn : paging dr. gupta ( video )
whats the name of the track from the release more bob dylan greatest hits	more bob dylan greatest hits
what is a song that appears on the track list of graffiti the world	graffiti the world
what is the active ingredient in camphor ( synthetic ) and menthol 110/100 ointment	camphor ( synthetic ) and menthol 110/100 ointment
what is the name of a film that orry-kelly did the costume design for	orry-kelly
what is a title that can be found in the netflix genre vampire ?	vampire
what is the best of johnny & the hurricanes 's country of origin ?	the best of johnny & the hurricanes
what is the name of a film that takes place during world war ii	world war ii
what genre of music is the album riddim driven : x5 released in ?	riddim driven : x5
name one language the dutch film the girl and death was filmed in ?	the girl and death
what 's the name of an indian folk group signed to verve music group	verve music group
which netflix genre can destiny 's child : live in atlana be found under	destiny 's child : live in atlana
what was little man little man : a story of childhood originally written in	little man little man : a story of childhood
what category of music is at the gates of paradise considered to be ?	at the gates of paradise
what country was the black sabbath story vol. 1 - 1970-1978 first released in	the black sabbath story vol. 1 - 1970-1978
what artist released the album the best of xavier cugat and his orchestra ?	the best of xavier cugat and his orchestra
what language is the film hercules : the brave and the bold in ?	hercules : the brave and the bold
what park is a part of the california department of parks and recreation ?	california department of parks and recreation
which male character was raised from the dead in the new testament story ?	male
what is the soundtrack from the videogame valkyrie of the battlefield : gallian chronicles	valkyrie of the battlefield : gallian chronicles
what genre of music is found on fillmore west 1969 : the complete recordings	fillmore west 1969 : the complete recordings
what is the route of the drug coal tar topical gel 12.5 gel ?	coal tar topical gel 12.5 gel
who was the film art direction by in the movie the cider house rules	the cider house rules
what type of album is before we met : a collection of old songs	before we met : a collection of old songs
which dutch artist painted a peasant woman digging in front of her cottage ?	a peasant woman digging in front of her cottage
what is an asteroid , discovered in 1930 , that orbits the sun ?	the sun
whats the name of the book edition from the original work titled living history	living history
what is a track played at the beyond borders ... a celtic journey album	beyond borders ... a celtic journey
what army veteran recipient of the medal of honor fought in the korean war	korean war
what is the album content type of highs in the mid-sixties , volume 13	highs in the mid-sixties , volume 13
what genre does the movie common threads : stories from the quilt belong to	common threads : stories from the quilt
what country is the film mrs. parker and the vicious circle filmed in ?	mrs. parker and the vicious circle
what genre of music does the album eyes to the sun belong to ?	eyes to the sun
what kind of music format is 2003-05-28 : missoula , mt , usa ?	2003-05-28 : missoula , mt , usa
what song was released as a part of april january ( original soundtrack )	april january ( original soundtrack )
what song is on the recording the empire strickes back - the imperial march	the empire strickes back - the imperial march
what is the legal status of the drug hydrocortisone and acetic acid 0.01/0.02 solution	hydrocortisone and acetic acid 0.01/0.02 solution
the book terminal island : a jack liffey mystery is about which subject ?	terminal island : a jack liffey mystery
what is the 2001 edition of the book javascript : the definitive guide ?	javascript : the definitive guide
which region is triple j : hottest 100 , volume 9 released in ?	triple j : hottest 100 , volume 9
who is the composer of sure to fall ( in love with you )	sure to fall ( in love with you )
who was the artist that released passing strange ( 2008 original broadway cast )	passing strange ( 2008 original broadway cast )
who was the publisher for triple zero ( star wars : republic commando )	triple zero ( star wars : republic commando )
what is the type of album of titanic : music from the motion picture	titanic : music from the motion picture
what 's steins ; gate : fuka ryōiki no déjà vu 's genre designation	steins ; gate : fuka ryōiki no déjà vu
is deep purple : concerto for group and orchestra a documentary or horror movie	deep purple : concerto for group and orchestra
what is the title of a book created by the author james wesley rawles	james wesley rawles
what is on the track list for the exotic moods of les baxter ?	the exotic moods of les baxter
what is the architectural style of esplanade - theatres on the bay , singapore	esplanade - theatres on the bay , singapore
what is the soundtrack passing strange ( 2008 original broadway cast ) from ?	passing strange ( 2008 original broadway cast )
which rock music albums were released by a & m records in 2011 ?	rock music
what is the subject of the film ilsa , she wolf of the ss	ilsa , she wolf of the ss
what is the album content type of `` adventures in the midst '' ?	adventures in the midst
what is the name of a character in harry potter and the half-blood prince	harry potter and the half-blood prince
what is the name of a track from feed your ears , volume 1	feed your ears , volume 1
what type of release was kemet high tech. part ii : history illusions ?	kemet high tech. part ii : history illusions
what language can the composition it must have been years be heard in ?	it must have been years
what is the name of a location in the north american central time zone	central time zone
what type of music did chara the best baby baby baby xxx play ?	chara the best baby baby baby xxx
what kind of release was what you know bout me ? part 2 ?	what you know bout me ? part 2
what is the country of origin of the tv program the evil touch ?	the evil touch
who is the recording artist of the song quiet storm ( remix ) ?	quiet storm ( remix )
who is the publisher of lego indiana jones 2 : the adventure continues ?	lego indiana jones 2 : the adventure continues
what is a place formerly known as boyd 's ferry located in virginia ?	virginia
what is the canonical version of the recording santa claus is coming to town	santa claus is coming to town
what is a song on the album jukebox hits of 1960 , volume 1	jukebox hits of 1960 , volume 1
who is the artist of the album the rough guide to manu dibango ?	the rough guide to manu dibango
what is the name of a song that dinosaur jr. wrote the lyrics for	dinosaur jr.
who wrote the lyrics for this must be the place ( naive melody )	this must be the place ( naive melody )
who is the artist of the album christmas with the harvard glee club ?	christmas with the harvard glee club
what is the school color of our lady of the hills high school ?	our lady of the hills high school
what type of film is pokemon : adventures on the orange islands iii ?	pokemon : adventures on the orange islands iii
what would be the parent cause of death in a coronary artery bypass surgery	coronary artery bypass surgery
what is a track released from dj luck & mc neat present ... iii	dj luck & mc neat present ... iii
which olympic games were contested for men 's freestyle wrestling , heavyweight +87 ?	men 's freestyle wrestling , heavyweight +87
is the girl who used to be composed in spanish or the english language	the girl who used to be
who is the lyricist of god gave rock 'n ' roll to you ii	god gave rock 'n ' roll to you ii
what is the name of an episode of the lou grant tv program ?	lou grant
which rock and roll album was a relased for the supersuckers fan club ?	rock and roll
what is an example of a school that gives individuals an engineering education ?	engineering education
which rock group made all you can ever learn is what you already know	all you can ever learn is what you already know
which artist recorded a little max ( parfait ) ( alternate take ) ?	a little max ( parfait ) ( alternate take )
what is the collection category of holiday barbie doll by bob mackie # h8583	holiday barbie doll by bob mackie # h8583
who is the manufacturer of the drug prevacid 30 delayed release capsule ?	prevacid 30 delayed release capsule
which language is used throughout the film high school musical : el desafío	high school musical : el desafío
what kind of book is a haunted house and other short stories ?	a haunted house and other short stories
who directed the music video we are never ever getting back together ?	we are never ever getting back together
name a country who has constitutional republic as a form of government .	constitutional republic
what song is catch me if you can a recorded version of ?	catch me if you can
what is the name of the game that was developed by bethesda softworks	bethesda softworks
what is the subject of the book another bullshit night in suck city	another bullshit night in suck city
what language is featured in american short story collection : the blue hotel	american short story collection : the blue hotel
what is a book edition that was published by author craig raine ?	craig raine
what is the status of titanium dioxide , zinc oxide 0.1/0.08 lotion ?	titanium dioxide , zinc oxide 0.1/0.08 lotion
what is the form for how can you live in the northeast ?	how can you live in the northeast ?
which genre of music is the album fear and the nervous system ?	fear and the nervous system
what is the sequel to avpr : aliens vs predator - requiem ?	avpr : aliens vs predator - requiem
what airline has its main base at o. r. tambo international airport ?	o. r. tambo international airport
who is the musician responsible for recording we got it going on ?	we got it going on
what art genre does portrait of helana van der schalcke fall into ?	portrait of helana van der schalcke
what is the subject of the book titled evolution in science and religion	evolution in science and religion
what is the topic of the written piece named richest man in babylon	richest man in babylon
who wrote the lyrics for 12/8 blues ( all the same ) ?	12/8 blues ( all the same )
which two genres does sometimes i wish we were an eagle blend together	sometimes i wish we were an eagle
what genre is a diamond rio christmas : the star still shines ?	a diamond rio christmas : the star still shines
what is a track on the authenticité - the syliphone years release ?	authenticité - the syliphone years
which kind of school are considered public school ( government funded ) ?	public school
what track is named after a famous painting and made by 101 strings	101 strings
what style of rock music does day three of my new life play	day three of my new life
whats the language of bang bang ( my baby shot me down )	bang bang ( my baby shot me down )
what is a natural bay with 1 mile long beach located in scotland	scotland
what is the name of the track from the album simple gifts ?	simple gifts
what genre is the broadcast second life tips from the traveling avatar ?	second life tips from the traveling avatar
what artist produced the album duane allman : an anthology , volume ii	duane allman : an anthology , volume ii
what kind of album is elvis 75 - good rockin ' tonight ?	elvis 75 - good rockin ' tonight
what was the genre of the tv show the duke of mount deer	the duke of mount deer
what kind of content does wwj ( am ) radio station offer ?	wwj
what types of movie is the magical legend of the leprechauns in netflix	the magical legend of the leprechauns
what is the country of origin of the ballad of soup du jour	the ballad of soup du jour
what is the name of a park located in the chicago metropolitan area	chicago metropolitan area
what is the name of the comedy film created by todd solondz ?	todd solondz
what type of film is `` when stand up stood out '' ?	when stand up stood out
what type of release is atomic : the very best of blondie ?	atomic : the very best of blondie
in which community does the illinois river confluence with the lower rogue river	illinois river
what language is primarily spoken in 60 seconds of solitude in year zero	60 seconds of solitude in year zero
what charles gordon-lennox , 5th duke of richmond born in london or france	charles gordon-lennox , 5th duke of richmond
what is the subject of the book the women who lived for danger	the women who lived for danger
what is the genre of the book city at the end of time	city at the end of time
whats the name of a location found in north american central time zone	central time zone
which pop singer is featured on big r radio - top 40 hits	big r radio - top 40 hits
name the producer of the recording of `` loops & tings '' ?	loops & tings
what kind of music is played on a tribute to the beast vol.2	a tribute to the beast vol.2
what language is spoken in the film hitman in the hand of buddha	hitman in the hand of buddha
which genre is the album take me to your heart again associated with	take me to your heart again
what is the name of a place located in mountain time zone ?	mountain time zone
what is an example of a city in dickey county , north dakota	dickey county
which dramatic film by joshiy also had suresh gopi in a leading role	joshiy
who is the composer of the composition just to hold you once again	just to hold you once again
which artist created the album music is the healing force of the universe	music is the healing force of the universe
in what western european region was von der skyline zum bordstein zurück released	von der skyline zum bordstein zurück
what is the name of a location in the wade hampton census area	wade hampton census area
what is a song included in future sounds of jazz , volume 7	future sounds of jazz , volume 7
what is the legal status of the botrytis cinerea 20000 injectable solution ?	botrytis cinerea 20000 injectable solution
whats the name of a river located in hardy county , west virginia	hardy county
what is a title of a movie under the werewolf netflix genre ?	werewolf
in what language was the im rhein , im schönen strome composition done	im rhein , im schönen strome
what 's an example of a piece of art made using oil paint	oil paint
what was the original language from the book called the cat 's eye	cat 's eye
what type of film is george harrison : living in the material world	george harrison : living in the material world
what is the type of architectural style of frederick hastings rindge house ?	frederick hastings rindge house
what type of music is featured in the gettin ' with it album	gettin ' with it
who created the music album the blues collection 15 : be my guest	the blues collection 15 : be my guest
what 's a movie in the children & family movies section on netflix	children & family movies
what type of release is later ... with jools holland : cool britannia	later ... with jools holland : cool britannia
what is the film in which david campbell ( composer ) worked in	david campbell
what is the release typ eof the album get in the ring ?	get in the ring
in what region was pepsi : more music , volume 6 released ?	pepsi : more music , volume 6
what is an animation film based on the cartoon alvin and the chipmunks	animation
the blues collection 5 : jungle music was released on what music type	jungle music
what is the name of a film that was directed by simon starling	simon starling
what series is duke nukem : land of the babes a part of	duke nukem : land of the babes
which tracks are listed in the release live in a dive ! ?	live in a dive !
what was the release type of the album turn it up faggot ?	turn it up faggot
what is a topic of thermopylae : the battle that changed the world	thermopylae : the battle that changed the world
what artist released the iron man : the musical by pete townshend ?	the iron man : the musical by pete townshend
what is the tittle of a western ( genre ) movie on netflix	western
what type of music is laugh ? i nearly bought one ! considered	laugh ? i nearly bought one !
who was the author of the written work fasting and eating for health	fasting and eating for health
name an accommodation feature found in the sheraton keauhou bay resort & spa	sheraton keauhou
what is the name of a book that talks about the 21st century	21st century
in what format is the daisy fay and the miracle man book released	daisy fay and the miracle man
who is the artist that created santa clasue is comin ' to town	santa clasue is comin ' to town
which company published the game dungeon explorer : warriors of ancient arts ?	dungeon explorer : warriors of ancient arts
what island group is bet islet , torres strait a part of ?	bet islet , torres strait
what period or movement of art is isaac van swanenburg associated with ?	isaac van swanenburg
which country is age of uprising : the legend of michael kohlhaas from	age of uprising : the legend of michael kohlhaas
what is the name of a film that was written by antonio aguilar	antonio aguilar
what is the name of a track created by jan a. p. kaczmarek	jan a. p. kaczmarek
what was the book of the book edition the book of lists ?	the book of lists
what kind of tv show is the late late show with craig ferguson	the late late show with craig ferguson
what is the name of a film created by the canal+ production company	canal+
who was the director of the film ready , set , zoom !	ready , set , zoom !
who was the executive producer for tinker , tailor , soldier , spy	tinker , tailor , soldier , spy
what genre is the album welcome to tha chuuch : da album ?	welcome to tha chuuch : da album
what is the name of a public school ( government funded ) ?	public school
what is a major subject of the novel high couch of silistra ?	high couch of silistra
what are songs of the god put a smile upon your face album	god put a smile upon your face
what is the title of a track on the mamy blue release ?	mamy blue
what kind of music is the album it was the best of times	it was the best of times
what is an island that is apart of the northern mariana islands ?	northern mariana islands
what is the content type of the album teen of the south ?	teen of the south
what language is the song in the still of the night in ?	in the still of the night
what type of book binding is used for captivating : a guided journal	captivating : a guided journal
what is the type of the album a state of trance 550 ?	a state of trance 550
what type of music is sweat a river , live no lies ?	sweat a river , live no lies
which country is school rules : how they help us filmed in ?	school rules : how they help us
what is an example of a book i the realm of science fiction	science fiction
what is the name of the release that had the recording titled piano	piano
what genre of music is what makes a man start fires ? ?	what makes a man start fires ?
what is the subject of the book weather words and what they mean	weather words and what they mean
what type of content album is a sides win : singles 1992–2005 ?	a sides win : singles 1992–2005
where was sons and lovers ( penguin student editions ) released for publication	sons and lovers ( penguin student editions )
who is the singer of all for love ( os 3 mosqueteiros )	all for love ( os 3 mosqueteiros )
what is a song on the recording history ( home cassette demo )	history ( home cassette demo )
what is the latest edition of harry potter and the prisoner of azkaban	harry potter and the prisoner of azkaban
what is the title of a movie whose film genre is a drama	drama
what category would netflix put best foot forward ( film ) in ?	best foot forward
what is the subject of words that hurt , words that heal ?	words that hurt , words that heal
what 's a game that tengen ( company ) developed for the amiga	tengen
which season of sin cities is the episode cape town a part of	cape town
who is a retired french footballer that played the position of forward ?	forward
beached ( long version ) was produced and recorded by which artist ?	beached ( long version )
name a track off of the deep purple / park avenue fantasy release	deep purple / park avenue fantasy
is avoid the funk : a defunkt anthology a compilation album or soundtrack	avoid the funk : a defunkt anthology
what is the name of an organization that was founded by stephen harper	stephen harper
what are some of the postal codes of greenville , south carolina ?	greenville , south carolina
what language is sung in you do n't know what love is song	you do n't know what love is
what genre of music is the album when broken is easily fixed ?	when broken is easily fixed
what are some names of episodes in the tweenies - season 1 ?	the tweenies - season 1
what is an active ingredient in titanium dioxide , zinc oxide 40/55 lipstick	titanium dioxide , zinc oxide 40/55 lipstick
who is the artist for the album in your world / dead star	in your world / dead star
what is the name of a hockey player from springfield , massachusetts ?	springfield , massachusetts
what is university of houston creative writing program most commonly known as ?	university of houston creative writing program
the story of the minack chronicles is classified as what type of genre	the story of the minack chronicles
what is the name of a solar system that orbits the sun ?	solar system
which album released a little less conversation ( jxl radio edit remix )	a little less conversation
who is the artist of the album at the university of puerto rico	at the university of puerto rico
what is the name of a film that was produced by graham walters	graham walters
what is the name of a planetary system of the solar system ?	solar system
what is the recording from which the self titled release track cadillac comes	cadillac
what was the title of the composition girls just want to have fun	girls just want to have fun
what is genre of the film ni hao kai-lan : kai-lan 's carnival	ni hao kai-lan : kai-lan 's carnival
what is a college known for its arts and science program in india	india
ron peno is an artist who typically makes which genre of music ?	ron peno
who was the publisher of def jam fight for ny : the takeover	def jam fight for ny : the takeover
what is the name of the independent filmmaker director of portrait of jason	portrait of jason
what type of album is thirty years of funk 1969-1999 : the anthology	thirty years of funk 1969-1999 : the anthology
what is an event that takes place at san josé del cabo ?	san josé del cabo
who is a current member of united states house committee on the judiciary	house committee on the judiciary
what is the name of a film that was written by francisco frazão	francisco frazão
name a computer video game played on the super nintendo entertainment system .	super nintendo entertainment system
what language is mendez vs. westminster : for all the children in ?	mendez vs. westminster : for all the children
name a film that henning von gierke did the film production design for	henning von gierke
what is the original song of the recording this is the end ?	this is the end
what is the genre of the movie the passion of the mao ?	the passion of the mao
what is the name of a book written by author roald dahl ?	roald dahl
who is the architect of high commission of south africa , london ?	high commission of south africa , london
what artist recorded tragic overture for orchestra in d minor , op. 81	tragic overture for orchestra in d minor , op. 81
who is the creator of are you smarter than a 5th grader ?	are you smarter than a 5th grader ?
what is the name of an artist whose musical genre is film score	film score
what is the color of the losartan potassium 50 film coated tablet ?	losartan potassium 50 film coated tablet
what kind of television show is law & order : criminal intent ?	law & order : criminal intent
what is the type of content of the album oeuvres pour clavecin ?	oeuvres pour clavecin
fauna flash : worx ( the remixes ) is what album content type	fauna flash : worx ( the remixes )
what is a gameplay mode that can be played in gran turismo 5	gran turismo 5
name a film that is considered to be a thriller ( genre )	thriller
what country was pj harvey on tour : please leave quietly shot in	pj harvey on tour : please leave quietly
what type of movie is pillars of faith : martyrs to christianity ?	pillars of faith : martyrs to christianity
what is a song on the recording santa claus is comin to town	santa claus is comin to town
what did the letter to a christian nation dispute the value of ?	letter to a christian nation
what is the primary release of the album the popular duke ellington ?	the popular duke ellington
which superman character is featured in the series countdown to final crisis ?	countdown to final crisis
who is a woman with the profession of model ( person ) ?	model
who is the artist that recorded miei signori , tutto e fatto ?	miei signori , tutto e fatto
what was the soundtrack for employee of the month ( 2006 film )	employee of the month
what genre is the film the door in the floor on netflix ?	the door in the floor
what type of album is get crazy - original motion picture soundtrack ?	get crazy - original motion picture soundtrack
what is a notable event that took place in washington , d.c .	washington
what are some of the active ingredients in ketoconazole 20 suspension shampoo ?	ketoconazole 20 suspension shampoo
who is the writer for the series truly , madly , deeply ?	truly , madly , deeply
what is the name of the video game by banpresto released in 2007	banpresto
who is the artist of the recording santa claus is coming to town	santa claus is coming to town
what kind of a game is nosferatu : the wrath of malachi ?	nosferatu : the wrath of malachi
what is the name of the album that contains the track gambia ?	gambia
which architectural style is the basilica of santa croce , florence built in	basilica of santa croce , florence
what is the constellation that the star alpha crucis b is in ?	alpha crucis b
which country was play : us against the world made and distributed in	play : us against the world
what is a song off the release an alarm clock set for 9:01	an alarm clock set for 9:01
what type of film is peter green splinter group : in concert ?	peter green splinter group : in concert
what 's one of the more expensive dishes at the windjammer sports bar	windjammer sports bar
who was the film art director for the film the matrix revolutions ?	the matrix revolutions
who was the trump ocean club international hotel and tower named after	trump ocean club international hotel and tower
what is a live action action comedy film produce by spyglass entertainment	spyglass entertainment
what is the genre of the book the story of the amulet	the story of the amulet
what is a color associated with paul w bryant high school ?	paul w bryant high school
what is the lower grade that is taught at the douglas annex	douglas annex
what netflix genre can you expect to find forbidden floor in ?	forbidden floor
what is a season of bigg boss ( indian tv series )	bigg boss
who does never be the same again / teddy ( skit )	never be the same again / teddy ( skit )
what is a game played with the intellivision video game console ?	intellivision
what type of work is the the mystic hours written in ?	the mystic hours
what is the title of one of bob marley 's albums ?	bob marley
which peninsula campaign battles took place during the american civil war ?	peninsula campaign
what is the name of the bulldog 's rugby league coach ?	rugby league
what is the name of an album by peter maxwell davies ?	peter maxwell davies
what middle eastern country is the location of eris muhandes ' birth	eris muhandes
what kind of music is played in the days run away album	days run away
what is a language of the movie dc showcase : catwoman ?	dc showcase : catwoman
what film is an example of a thriller ( genre ) ?	thriller
who is the record label of the artist the summer set ?	the summer set
what is the name of a baseball book that portrays speculative fiction	speculative fiction
name an english film producer of the kind hearts and coronets comedy	kind hearts and coronets
what is the subject of the music video why go ? ?	why go ?
what kind of tv show is take my word for it ?	take my word for it
who composed the music for the sound of music ( film )	the sound of music
what medium was las meninas ( after velázquez ) painted on ?	las meninas ( after velázquez )
what is the northernmost states of germany located in seedorf , lauenburg	seedorf , lauenburg
what category of celestial object does 10770 belo horizonte fall into ?	10770 belo horizonte
what is an active ingredient in zolpidem tartrate 5 coated tablet ?	zolpidem tartrate 5 coated tablet
what is a gameplay mode you could find on ricochet infinity ?	ricochet infinity
what is a character from the book new moon ( novel )	new moon
what language is spoken in the film the amazing screw-on head ?	the amazing screw-on head
what type of licensing does haplogroup ij ( y-dna ) have ?	haplogroup ij ( y-dna )
what type of book is the rise of the black wolf ?	the rise of the black wolf
who is the artist that released the recording cos'e quel stupore ?	cos'e quel stupore ?
what media format is international pop overthrow , volume 7 in ?	international pop overthrow , volume 7
what are the official colors for university of the virgin islands ?	university of the virgin islands
what is the name of a play that stephen porter directed ?	stephen porter
what kind of netflix film is razor blade smile labeled under ?	razor blade smile
which artist recorded a version of santa claus is coming to town	santa claus is coming to town
who is the artist that recorded darkness on the edge of town	darkness on the edge of town
what is the topic of how to do the history of homosexuality	how to do the history of homosexuality
what type of book is bumper crop / joe r. lansdale .	bumper crop
where on tv did the culinary fight flay vs. greenspan take place	flay vs. greenspan
what is the content type of todd terry 's greatest hits ?	todd terry 's greatest hits
what was the name of a game version publisjhed by electronic arts	electronic arts
what is the track list from the release the gold collection ?	the gold collection
what kind of film is the mountain of the cannibal god ?	the mountain of the cannibal god
what is a track on the recording tell me you love me	tell me you love me
what kinds of movie is that 'll be the day in netflix	that 'll be the day
what genre is the film the girl in the picture under ?	the girl in the picture
what is the gender of the fictional character rose dewitt bukater ?	rose dewitt bukater
what is santa claus is coming to town a notable type of	santa claus is coming to town
what genre of music is the album yesterday is time killed ?	yesterday is time killed
name the name of a tv episode that simon blackwell has written	simon blackwell
what was the binding for the book the portrait of a lady	the portrait of a lady
what is the name of the website own by ziff davis ?	ziff davis
what 's the best genre description of the album unmistakeably rainbow trout	unmistakeably rainbow trout
who was a musician involved in the film another gay movie ?	another gay movie
what is the name of the live album by 3oh ! 3	live album
the xbox game nhl 09 can be played on what platform ?	nhl 09
which infectious disease is the vaccine dpt vaccine used to treat ?	dpt vaccine
who was a us federal judge born in new bedford , massachusetts	new bedford , massachusetts
what is the track list from the release titled lounge top 100	lounge top 100
who is the producer from the album titled bring back my yesterday	bring back my yesterday
what capital city was featured in the day the earth stood still	the day the earth stood still
what is a release by sony bmg music entertainment record label ?	sony bmg music entertainment
what is a title in the genre hebrew language on netlfix ?	hebrew language
where is the geographic scope of the organization yayasan kerti praja ?	yayasan kerti praja
where was mother , may i sleep with danger ? released ?	mother , may i sleep with danger ?
what kind of game is the legend of zelda : twilight princess	the legend of zelda : twilight princess
what country is les zygs , le secret des disparus from ?	les zygs , le secret des disparus
what event took place in middle east theatre of world war ii	middle east theatre of world war ii
what type of movie is mummies : secrets of the pharaohs ?	mummies : secrets of the pharaohs
what is the subject of the work on being a muslim ?	on being a muslim
what is a track composed by the the stanley brothers duo ?	the stanley brothers
which genre of book is the cat who played post office ?	the cat who played post office
what country is the film the ark of the sun god from	the ark of the sun god
what language was used in the film titled drag me to hell	drag me to hell
what genre is the album strength in numbers considered to be ?	strength in numbers
what is the country of origin of the film mourning wife ?	mourning wife
what type of film is telstar : the joe meek story ?	telstar : the joe meek story
what was the genre of the film the dumb girl of portici	the dumb girl of portici
what car model is an example of a large family car ?	large family car
what is dark kingdom : the dragon king notable example of ?	dark kingdom : the dragon king
which language is primarily used in the woman who died a lot	the woman who died a lot
what are some of the games released in the series pikmin ?	pikmin
who is the executive producer for spice girls : live in istanbul	spice girls : live in istanbul
what kind of film is old time comedy classics : vol. 9	old time comedy classics : vol. 9
what kind of architectural style is st. mary help of christians church	st. mary help of christians church
what is the subject of the written work the tao of abundance	the tao of abundance
what is the album with the song orange and blue on it	orange and blue
whats the name of an album by robert wright and george forrest	album
what 's the active ingredient in menthol , methyl salicylate 80/300 cream	menthol , methyl salicylate 80/300 cream
what type of album is live - greetings from the west ?	live - greetings from the west
what kind of movie is i 've been waiting for you ?	i 've been waiting for you
what is one of the songs released by jayceon terrell taylor ?	jayceon terrell taylor
what is the the nature and limits of political science book about	the nature and limits of political science
what is the genre of artist that high five drive is ?	high five drive
what is the active ingredient in adapalene and benzoyl peroxide 1/25 gel	adapalene and benzoyl peroxide 1/25 gel
which artist released the album lullaby : hits , rarities & gems	lullaby : hits , rarities & gems
what is a sexual fetish on inseminated by 2 black men 1	inseminated by 2 black men 1
what kind of game is saru ! get you ! million monkeys	saru ! get you ! million monkeys
what is the release type of the album `` underdog '' ?	underdog
what is a language featured on timid frieda ( les timides )	timid frieda ( les timides )
what is the administrative route of the drug oxiconazole nitrate 10 cream	oxiconazole nitrate 10 cream
which survivor season took place in rio negro ( amazon ) ?	rio negro
what is the main subject of the book titled twenty years after	twenty years after
where in russia was nikita ivanovich panin 's place of death ?	nikita ivanovich panin
who is the artist for the album the complete ed sullivan shows	the complete ed sullivan shows
which language is on the composition titled the show must go on	the show must go on
what type of sport is featured in nba 09 : the inside	nba 09 : the inside
the 1992 world artistic gymnastics championships is part of what recurring competition	1992 world artistic gymnastics championships
what type of license does the mechanism of the reflex arc hold	the mechanism of the reflex arc
which tv series is lost - season 1 a series in ?	lost - season 1
what is a recording found on the release track prison break ?	prison break
what is the origin of the artist roger miret and the disasters	roger miret and the disasters
which are some of the regions where gold was released in ?	gold
what subject was the film when abortion was illegal : untold stories	when abortion was illegal : untold stories
who wrote the lyrics to it might as well be spring ?	it might as well be spring
what kind of music does i trust you to kill me played	i trust you to kill me
what is the subject content of the book frontiers of legal theory	frontiers of legal theory
who was the artist on the album just you , just me	just you , just me
what type of form does the olympus e-pl3 camera process files ?	olympus e-pl3
what is the region that pepsi chart 2002 was released in ?	pepsi chart 2002
what is the topic of tell the court i love my wife	tell the court i love my wife
what country was the film happy birthday , mr. mograbi based in	happy birthday , mr. mograbi
what is the country of origin of millennium , the tv program	millennium
what is the title of a work whose subject is anthropology ?	anthropology
what is the subject of the book titled death in the afternoon	death in the afternoon
what was the genre of the program titled a scare at bedtime	a scare at bedtime
which tracks are listed in the release rfm - deep feelings ?	rfm - deep feelings
is get in where you fit in a dvd or an album	get in where you fit in
what is christopher jon gombos 's profession in the entertainment industry ?	christopher jon gombos
what is a supported storage type of canon eos-1d mark iii ?	canon eos-1d mark iii
who is the producer of storm corrosion ( limited edition ) ?	storm corrosion ( limited edition )
what sort of music is featured on the album the compass rose	the compass rose
who was the director for the tv show do the right thing	do the right thing
who is the electronic publisher of the computer game titled mysims skyheroes	mysims skyheroes
what is the name of the country that franklin is located in	franklin
what type of film is skateistan : to live and skate kabul	skateistan : to live and skate kabul
what type of binding was used on the book titled second foundation	second foundation
what is the subject of the book from selma to sorrow ?	from selma to sorrow
what is the literature genre of the tale of one bad rat	the tale of one bad rat
what is the notable type of hermetic order of the golden dawn	hermetic order of the golden dawn
fist of the warrior was written and filmed in this language .	fist of the warrior
what is a composition worked on by alex james ( musician )	alex james
what genre of book is arrows of the queen written in ?	arrows of the queen
the song santa claus is coming to town is from which release	santa claus is coming to town
what is spoken in dragon ball z : super android 13 !	dragon ball z : super android 13 !
what is the physical format of the release all in hand ?	all in hand
which north american region is things i left behind released in ?	things i left behind
what type of music genre is the wayward sons of mother earth	the wayward sons of mother earth
what is the second level division that essex county is in ?	essex county
what kind of release is songbook : chico buarque , volume 1	songbook : chico buarque , volume 1
what genre of music does the artist cedella booker belong to ?	cedella booker
what kind of album is blues kingpins ( made in mississippi )	blues kingpins ( made in mississippi )
what band released the album `` we want billy ! `` ?	we want billy !
who wrote the magic school bus in the time of the dinosaurs	the magic school bus in the time of the dinosaurs
what is the type of album that tff rudolstadt 2008 is ?	tff rudolstadt 2008
which netflix genre does the film heart of the warrior belong to	heart of the warrior
what is the subject of the book music therapy and neurological rehabilitation	music therapy and neurological rehabilitation
what sort of film is quest for solomon 's mines : nova	quest for solomon 's mines : nova
which world war ii events took place in the atlantic sea ?	world war ii
what kind of film is the nine lives of fritz the cat	the nine lives of fritz the cat
who is the artist that made the album it 's a jungle	it 's a jungle
what 's a track from ... with no spine to speak of	... with no spine to speak of
where in germany was charline von heyl 's place of birth ?	charline von heyl
what kind of group is needed to play palak muchhal 's music	palak muchhal
what is the release type of the album why i hate women	why i hate women
from what space agency is the astronaut paul j. weitz in ?	paul j. weitz
what is the format of drum & bass arena : the classics	drum & bass arena : the classics
what country is oculation : rogue emissions in the dark from ?	oculation : rogue emissions in the dark
what is the genre of music on the album distance and time	distance and time
which language is once upon a time there was oil in ?	once upon a time there was oil
which season of andrew zimmerman 's show did he visit uganda in	uganda
what is the language of the film i melt with you ?	i melt with you
what is the subject of the greatest works of hal lindsey ?	the greatest works of hal lindsey
is combustible campus guardress in the japanese language or the english language	combustible campus guardress
this track is featured on the release essex by alison moyet .	essex
what is the subject of the written piece the path of loneliness	the path of loneliness
in which country did the film a marine story take place in	a marine story
which release is there 's no way out of here on ?	there 's no way out of here
what game is a version of minotaur : the labyrinths of crete	minotaur : the labyrinths of crete
is queen mary , university of london a public or private school	queen mary , university of london
what is the name of the title track for the recording venus	venus
what kind of music was exemplified by the album painting on glass	painting on glass
what is the track list for based on a true story ?	based on a true story
what is the release type of the album middle earth masters ?	middle earth masters
what genre is full moon in blue water in on netflix ?	full moon in blue water
which film genre does dil ne phir yaad kiya best fit in	dil ne phir yaad kiya
what is a transit line in translink ( british columbia ) ?	translink
what is the main language for the movie zombie women of satan	zombie women of satan
what is the time zone that you can find melody hill in	melody hill
what is the name of a bakery in scottsdale , arizona ?	bakery
what is hussein bin ali , sharif of mecca 's profession ?	hussein bin ali , sharif of mecca
who is the primary subject in the written work assessing the adversary	assessing the adversary
who published the ready 2 rumble boxing : round 2 game ?	ready 2 rumble boxing : round 2
which male character is from the film la folie du doute ?	male
what is the name of a state that hoosic river runs through	hoosic river
which season of the ellen degeneres show is mario lopez from ?	mario lopez
in what format is legend : the best of toto album presented	toto
what genre does the album mona – the carnivorous circus belong to	mona – the carnivorous circus
what medical specialty is the disease streptococcal pharyngitis a part of ?	streptococcal pharyngitis
what was the original language of the written work the austere academy	the austere academy
what does tabu `` thick n ' sassy '' magazine write about	tabu `` thick n ' sassy '' magazine
who is the subject of the film the four minute mile ?	the four minute mile
what language is coleccion pedro infante : angelitos negros spoken in ?	coleccion pedro infante : angelitos negros
which american dj is famous for remixes and is a keyboard player	keyboard player
what kind of album is doraemon tv soundtrack collection released in ?	doraemon tv soundtrack collection
what war did the battle of simmon 's bluff take place during	battle of simmon 's bluff
what kind of binding is used on the joy luck club ?	the joy luck club
what type of music genre is `` the nothing show '' ?	the nothing show
who wrote the composition west side story : i have a love	west side story : i have a love
what is the name of a track on the recording aurora ?	aurora
what genre of film is me and the colonel released in ?	me and the colonel
what type of movie is why i wore lipstick to my mastectomy	why i wore lipstick to my mastectomy
what is the name of a song off of the shellshock recording	shellshock
what is the release track off the release titled high school confidential	high school confidential
what recurring championship even is the 1969 american league championship series ?	1969 american league championship series
what is the postal code for the rock island , illinois area	rock island , illinois
what type of music is foghat ( rock n roll ) ?	foghat
how would someone describe the lovers & friends show : season 3	the lovers & friends show : season 3
who is the lyricist on the album love is just a word	love is just a word
what region was a rush of blood to the head released in	a rush of blood to the head
what is the title of a track on the recording hawaii ?	hawaii
what is a thriller ( genre ) film released in 2012 ?	thriller
what subgenre of music was on dick 's picks , volume 23	dick 's picks , volume 23
who is an artist that is signed with warner music group ?	warner music group
which city is served by the radio station kcha ( am )	kcha
what kind of music is unreleased quicksilver : lost gold and silver	unreleased quicksilver : lost gold and silver
who is the child of the fictional character of lazarus long ?	lazarus long
what kind of album is waltz for koop : alternative takes ?	waltz for koop : alternative takes
what flavor does benadryl allergy quick dissolve 25 strip come in ?	benadryl allergy quick dissolve 25 strip
who wrote the lyrics for now that you 're one of us	now that you 're one of us
what is the subject of sex lives of the famous gays ?	sex lives of the famous gays
what 's a book published under the southern illinois university press imprint	southern illinois university press
what is mentioned in the review of funny people at www.latimes.com ?	review of funny people at www.latimes.com
what is the name of the track released in all change ?	all change
which musical prodigy has his song featured in the film distant ?	distant
what is the format of a night at birdland , volume 1	a night at birdland , volume 1
what type of tv program was the legend of the condor heroes	the legend of the condor heroes
what classification is the album you ca n't spell slaughter without laughter	you ca n't spell slaughter without laughter
what 's an exhibition in nude descending a staircase , no. 2	nude descending a staircase , no. 2
who was involved in the funeral of diana , princess of wales	funeral of diana , princess of wales
what is a consulting company that built the executive tower j ?	executive tower j
what is the subject of the film ferngully : the last rainforest	ferngully : the last rainforest
what is the country of origin of the tv program la ink	la ink
on what recording can you fing the release track cruella de vil	cruella de vil
what subject is the persistent desire : a femme-butch reader written about	the persistent desire : a femme-butch reader
which platform is used in dungeon explorer : warriors of ancient arts	dungeon explorer : warriors of ancient arts
what type of music is healthy in paranoid times released in ?	healthy in paranoid times
what is a release of santa claus is coming to town ?	santa claus is coming to town
which artist recorded grand slam - the best of babe ruth ?	grand slam - the best of babe ruth
who is the author of the written work the steel mirror ?	the steel mirror
what genre is the film bleach : vol. 17 : the bount	bleach : vol. 17 : the bount
what type of subject is the work the x factor in ?	the x factor
which product line is the kodak easyshare m1093 is a part of	kodak easyshare m1093 is
what genre is stooges : the men behind the mayhem on netflix	stooges : the men behind the mayhem
what is the name of a film in the drama genre ?	drama
what format was double easy : the u.s. singles released in ?	double easy : the u.s. singles
name one of the albums that was recorded by talib kweli .	talib kweli
what is the topic of the creation of the world or globalization	the creation of the world or globalization
what is the name discovered in 1973 on the solar system ?	solar system
what 's one orchestra that recorded a version of o holy night	o holy night
what is the name of a book that focuses on literary criticism	literary criticism
what kind of celestial object is ( 30960 ) 1994 uv2 ?	( 30960 ) 1994 uv2
is the sex of ludwig rehn that of female or male ?	ludwig rehn
who is the developer of dragon ball z : hyper dimension ?	dragon ball z : hyper dimension
how was still unravished : a tribute to the june brides released	still unravished : a tribute to the june brides
what is the musical format of the wood and the wire ?	the wood and the wire
who is the father of grand duchess maria nikolaevna of russia ?	grand duchess maria nikolaevna of russia
what is a site that falls in the video game journalism category	video game journalism
what is the subject of the book an introduction to anglo-saxon england	an introduction to anglo-saxon england
what kind of film is hakunamatata - a story of jirani ?	hakunamatata - a story of jirani
who was the artist that created live in paris ( 2003 )	live in paris ( 2003 )
that 's amore by dean martin , is what kind of album	that 's amore
who is the music director of the film shrimps for a day	shrimps for a day
what type of book is a murder on the appian way ?	a murder on the appian way
william morris designed this building located in southeast london , england .	william morris
what music genre is on the return of the durutti column ?	the return of the durutti column
which is the name of a drama film released in 1920 ?	drama film
where was the burial place of hercules robinson , 1st baron rosmead	hercules robinson , 1st baron rosmead
what asteroid group is the asteroid 4706 dennisreuter is a member of	4706 dennisreuter
what is the subject of the book titled conflicts in the countryside	conflicts in the countryside
what type of album is the acoustic collection , volume one ?	the acoustic collection , volume one
what type of film is the war zone : d-day to paris	the war zone : d-day to paris
what genre is the album glee : the music , volume 1	glee : the music , volume 1
what is the name of a death cab for cutie album ?	death cab for cutie
what is a song on shimon presents ram raiders : the mix	shimon presents ram raiders : the mix
who was the author editor of more books on the table ?	more books on the table
what is the name of a planetary system of solar system ?	solar system
what is the release type of the album the complete piano concertos	the complete piano concertos
what is one of the documentary film titles found on netflix ?	documentary film
what is the genre of the short story i remember babylon ?	i remember babylon
what is a name of a suspense book released in 2008 ?	suspense
what language was malcolm x : a life of reinvention written in	malcolm x : a life of reinvention
what is the second largest greek island located in the mediterranean sea	mediterranean sea
what language was wrong turn 3 : left for dead filmed in	wrong turn 3 : left for dead
where in the united states did laurie a. schillinger died in ?	laurie a. schillinger
whats the name of a radio station owned by jim pattison group	jim pattison group
who is a featured artist on the album no new friends ?	no new friends
what kind of music does polly and the billets doux make ?	polly and the billets doux
what is a track off now dance 2001 , part 2 ?	now dance 2001 , part 2
what kind of album is the man who loved cat dancing ?	the man who loved cat dancing
what is the name of a person that was born in belgrade	belgrade
what type of musical genre does john kirkpatrick ( musician ) create	john kirkpatrick
is get ya mind correct a studio album or a compilation album	get ya mind correct
what genre does music by chief stephen osita osadebe fall into ?	chief stephen osita osadebe
what genre of music is the album freak of nature in ?	freak of nature
what is the name of a race horse winner in 2007 ?	horse
if someone is the chancellor of germany , what is their title	chancellor
what type of film is to the marriage of true minds ?	to the marriage of true minds
what character is from the book pride and prejudice and zombies ?	pride and prejudice and zombies
what is the name of a cyclone that affected the pacific ocean	pacific ocean
what style of show in netflix is melissa & joey under ?	melissa & joey
what is an indie film that can be found on netflix ?	indie film
what is a form of the composition o mio babbino caro ?	o mio babbino caro
which english novelist was the editor of the day of forever ?	the day of forever
what game did dungeons & dragons ( 4th edition ) come from	dungeons & dragons ( 4th edition )
who was in charge of music for the movie book of numbers	book of numbers
what is an example of a thriller ( genre ) movie ?	thriller
what type of music does rocco deluca and the burden play ?	rocco deluca and the burden
which type of album is 20 anos de carreira - ao vivo	20 anos de carreira - ao vivo
which genre is love , murder and deceit listed in netflix ?	love , murder and deceit
what is the area of expertise of illumina ( company ) ?	illumina
what is a dietary practice strictyl followed by people that practice sikhism	sikhism
is traveling cash : an imaginary journey a compilation album or soundtrack	traveling cash : an imaginary journey
what is the name of a place located in el oro province	el oro
what is the lowest grade taught at caesar rodney high school ?	caesar rodney high school
who was the artist of honey ( so so def mix )	honey ( so so def mix )
what is a team in the division i ( ncaa ) ?	division i ( ncaa )
what is the subject of the book the religions of china ?	the religions of china
what 's the active ingredient in an amiodarone hydrochloride 50 injectable solution	amiodarone hydrochloride 50 injectable solution
what company did sponsor the homeward bound : the incredible journey movie	homeward bound : the incredible journey
what type of material was used to paint portrait of raymond radiguet	portrait of raymond radiguet
what surface was portrait of mother jeronima de la fuente painted on	portrait of mother jeronima de la fuente
who writes a film called the taking of pelham one two three	the taking of pelham one two three
what type of book is a child 's book of true crime	a child 's book of true crime
what film genre is sinbad : beyond the veil of mists ?	sinbad : beyond the veil of mists
what 's a neighborhood in baton rouge , la metropolitan statistical area	baton rouge , la metropolitan statistical area
this iowa city falls in the north american central time zone .	central time zone
what character lives in the fictional universe of the muppet show universe	the muppet show universe
what is the color of day time cough non drowsy 15 liquid	day time cough non drowsy 15 liquid
what music would mostly accurately be found on ass seen on tv	ass seen on tv
which handheld system was puyo puyo ! ! 20th anniversary released on	puyo puyo ! ! 20th anniversary
what are the school colors of oliver wendell holmes high school ?	oliver wendell holmes high school
what language was used in the film when we lived in miami	when we lived in miami
what type of film is mario bava : maestro of the macabre	mario bava : maestro of the macabre
what kind of movie is landmarks of western art : the baroque	landmarks of western art : the baroque
what place in italy falls in the central european time zone ?	central european time zone
which genre is common threads : stories from the quilt affiliated with	common threads : stories from the quilt
what type of media is the artwork self-portrait in a straw hat	self-portrait in a straw hat
what type of music is on the album dos dedos mis amigos	dos dedos mis amigos
what types of music is absolutely the best of the kingston trio	absolutely the best of the kingston trio
what film story credits was hermann hesse the film story contributor of	hermann hesse
what type of topic does rumors of another world belong to ?	rumors of another world
who was the director for the film good girls go to paris	good girls go to paris
top gear : seriously cool driving music is from what track list	top gear : seriously cool driving music
who was a designer for the game sega touring car championship ?	sega touring car championship
what is the genre of the album where are the thieves ?	where are the thieves ?
what is the unit size of 9th regiment illinois volunteer cavalry ?	9th regiment illinois volunteer cavalry
what country in north america released the film third man out	third man out
what is the chemical compound of a alpha blocker drug ?	alpha blocker
what 's a piece of software made by the microsoft corporation	microsoft corporation
what is a track from the release cobra : studio version	cobra : studio version
what kind of motion picture is a place in the sun	a place in the sun
what is the name of a track from roll over beethoven	roll over beethoven
what is a song from the arms of someone new ?	the arms of someone new
what would be a music spin with the topic of hawkeye	hawkeye
what is a song from rhythm trax , volume iv ?	rhythm trax , volume iv
which family is charles somerset , marquess of worcester from ?	charles somerset , marquess of worcester
what is the genre of the judy garland show on netflix	the judy garland show
what is the place of birth of gottfried graf von bismarck-schönhausen	gottfried graf von bismarck-schönhausen
the album two forty eight is classified within what genre ?	two forty eight
what is a song on bluegrass 1956-68 ( disc 1 )	bluegrass 1956-68
what is the original language of my son , the wizard	my son , the wizard
which format is please come home ... mr. bulbous in ?	please come home ... mr. bulbous
what type of work is akseli gallen-kallela most known for ?	akseli gallen-kallela
what category of celestial object ( 58219 ) 1992 wz2 considered	( 58219 ) 1992 wz2
what is the name of a game that atari published ?	atari
what is the format of the release in times like these	in times like these
which genre of music is on the album the war report	the war report
what are some of the art forms margaret kilgallen uses ?	margaret kilgallen
what type of music is i ai n't marching anymore considered	i ai n't marching anymore
what style of architecture is the clara barkley dorr house ?	clara barkley dorr house
what kind of a noun is a crane ( bird )	crane
what is a location within the central european time zone ?	central european time zone
what type of object is ( 21063 ) 1991 jc2 ?	( 21063 ) 1991 jc2
name a county that is within the eastern daylight time zone	eastern daylight time
what is an event that took place at county louth ?	county louth
what is the genre of at the edge of the world	at the edge of the world
what is the original language of the conan chronicles 2 ?	the conan chronicles 2
which entity was involved in the anglo-soviet invasion of iran ?	anglo-soviet invasion of iran
which netflix genre is the case of howard phillips lovecraft under	the case of howard phillips lovecraft
whats the format for the release 100 hits of the sixties	100 hits of the sixties
what is the genre of the tv program spuiten en slikken	spuiten en slikken
which park is the toy story midway mania ! located in	toy story midway mania !
what 's a title available under the hbo section of netflix	hbo
what is the language of stockwell day - july 2010 ?	stockwell day - july 2010
what kind of music does monster movie ( band ) perform	monster movie
what type of music is on the album over the top	over the top
what was arthur b. hancock , jr. 's cause of death	arthur b. hancock , jr.
who was in charge of music for the midnight man ?	the midnight man
what is the title of a book in the autobiography genre	autobiography
what island group is fale , tuvalu a part of ?	fale , tuvalu
name of album by the alternative metal band drowning pool .	drowning pool
what is a game that was developed by appaloosa interactive ?	appaloosa interactive
what is a public school located in laurel , maryland ?	public school
what kind of movie is the twin girls of sunset street	the twin girls of sunset street
the written work john paul jones was created by whom ?	john paul jones
what type of binding does the book edition the intended have	the intended
whats the name of a neighborhood in the tampa bay area	tampa bay area
what is the name of a film in the drama genre	drama
what title is in the spanish language genre on netflix ?	spanish language
which type of circulation is the mcgill daily known for ?	the mcgill daily
which prairie style house in chicago is located on sheridan road	sheridan road
the album the rainwater lp is what type of musical genre	the rainwater lp
what experimental musical group is known for its indie rock music	indie rock
what type of film is anastasia : the mystery of anna	anastasia : the mystery of anna
what is the product line of kodak easyshare z1085 is ?	kodak easyshare z1085 is
who was a victim of the columbine high school massacre ?	columbine high school massacre
what is a country that participated in the 1932 winter olympics	1932 winter olympics
which school district is st. petersburg high school apart of ?	st. petersburg high school
what artist released the album lee perry meets the mad professor	lee perry meets the mad professor
what is a hub of the airline baboo ( airline )	baboo
what 's a radio broadcast that features pri : selected shorts	pri : selected shorts
whats the genre of the film la venganza de huracán ramírez	la venganza de huracán ramírez
what type of music is from a scream to a whisper	from a scream to a whisper
what kind of music is on the album o.k. ken ?	o.k. ken ?
where was look who 's talking now a featured film ?	look who 's talking now
what 's in the area covered by the zip code 07436	07436
where is nathan and mary ( polly ) johnson properties found	nathan and mary ( polly ) johnson properties
which country category does netflix put as luck would have it	as luck would have it
what type of book is waiting for the galactic bus ?	waiting for the galactic bus
what is the name of a release from the recording oxford	oxford
what was the chronicles of narnia : prince caspian adapted from	the chronicles of narnia : prince caspian
what was the genre of the book the campaign of chancellorsville	the campaign of chancellorsville
what does mohd fakharudin bin mohd bahar do for a living	mohd fakharudin bin mohd bahar
where is the film so much for justice ! from ?	so much for justice !
what type of lake is sardis lake ( oklahoma ) ?	sardis lake
who sang the song 1club.fm : tha flava ( uncensored )	1club.fm : tha flava ( uncensored )
what is the geographic scope of the new zealand police ?	new zealand police
name a year the boston celtics won the nba finals .	boston celtics
what time of album is the `` greatest hits '' ?	greatest hits
what is the title of an episode form the show rent-a-goalie	rent-a-goalie
which military commander was involved in the battle of cádiz ?	battle of cádiz
what is the category for the celestial object 11628 katuhikoikeda ?	11628 katuhikoikeda
who authored the book grace abounding to the chief of sinners	grace abounding to the chief of sinners
what 's a game that was released on the ipod classic	ipod classic
which are the main subjects in the work queen victoria ?	queen victoria
the university of detroit mercy is what type of institution ?	university of detroit mercy
what is immunoglobulin a the active ingredient in the formulation of	immunoglobulin a
what is the name of an artist of ambient music ?	ambient music
what is the release in which the track soldier is in	soldier
what type of album is joan baez in san francisco ?	joan baez in san francisco
what is a tourist attraction in salmon arm , british columbia	salmon arm , british columbia
which region was the album day of the dead released in	day of the dead
what is the nebula award for best novella a category of	nebula award for best novella
what is an active ingredient moiety in venapro 3/10/3/1/1/6/3/1 spray ?	venapro 3/10/3/1/1/6/3/1 spray
what 's a township located in north american central time zone	central time zone
what media type is the content of indianapolis international airport ?	indianapolis international airport
what kind of release is riot , riot , upstart ?	riot , riot , upstart
who is the artist of the album the chemical wedding ?	the chemical wedding
what is the primary release of the album soul music ?	soul music
name a person who was born in salt lake city .	salt lake city
what is the title of a book that focuses on health	health
who did the film production design by x-men : first class	x-men : first class
who wrote the book how to talk to girls at parties	how to talk to girls at parties
what is the genre of the film el juego de arcibel	el juego de arcibel
who is the son of the famous giovanni battista tiepolo ?	giovanni battista tiepolo
who are the people involved in the campaign against dong zhuo	campaign against dong zhuo
what is the architecture firm of the bank of america stadium	bank of america stadium
what 's a smaller village in the state of new york	new york
what kind of object is ( 13656 ) 1997 ex45 ?	( 13656 ) 1997 ex45
what is the genre of king , queen , knave ?	king , queen , knave
what is an adaption of the work the bloody chamber ?	the bloody chamber
what is a book from author christopher priest ( novelist )	christopher priest
what is the active ingredient in the drug povidone-iodine 0.1 swab	povidone-iodine 0.1 swab
what 's one martial art that alfonso blanco is proficient in	alfonso blanco
whats the name of the 1948 action film based on tarzan	action film
which kind of album is the music of the star wars-saga	music of the star wars-saga
who is a manufacturer of the mcdonnell douglas av-8b harrier ii	mcdonnell douglas av-8b harrier ii
name a film that was screened at 2010 fantastic fest .	2010 fantastic fest
which language family is kenyah , western language a part of	kenyah , western language
what film was andrew mcalpine the film production designer for ?	andrew mcalpine
what is a breed of cat that originated in egypt ?	egypt
which subjects does christmas in the big woods belong to ?	christmas in the big woods
which language is the film geography of the hapless heart in	geography of the hapless heart
what is a conflict hasso von manteuffel has participated in ?	hasso von manteuffel
what is the country of origin of the character sherlock holmes	sherlock holmes
what type of album is eis am stiel , volume 8	eis am stiel , volume 8
what is the type of music that the narrow makes ?	the narrow
what movies/tv for ages 8 to 10 are on netflix ?	movies/tv for ages 8 to 10
what language is yes , we have no bonanza filmed in	yes , we have no bonanza
what is the name of a book from the sociology genre	sociology
which book is notes of a native son an edition of	notes of a native son
what city is the new york university college of dentistry in	new york university college of dentistry
in what form is the composition love can run faster made	love can run faster
what lyricist wrote how do you keep the music playing ?	how do you keep the music playing ?
from which family does the family member huisheng belong to ?	huisheng
north american central time zone encompasses and includes this island .	central time zone
what type of movie is great russian composers : peter tchaikovsky	great russian composers : peter tchaikovsky
what are heath high school ( ohio ) 's colors ?	heath high school
which artist released dionne warwick - 2000 - best of ?	dionne warwick - 2000 - best of
who is a japanese admiral who found in world war ii	world war ii
what country was involved in the battle of the north cape	battle of the north cape
what type of music can be found on greatest hits 1990-1995	greatest hits 1990-1995
this mountain is the most easterly of the munro peaks .	munro
what are the names of an african american lightweight boxer ?	african american
what album includes the song santa claus is coming to town	santa claus is coming to town
what is the netflix genre of cry for the strangers ?	cry for the strangers
what is a type of assassination in ways which appear natural	assassination in ways which appear natural
what is the name of a place located in hennepin county	hennepin county
whats the name of an italian town in province of pistoia	province of pistoia
what is the album type of born to be wild ?	born to be wild
which country was silk road , volume 2 released in ?	silk road , volume 2
who was the costumer designer for the film a modern hero	a modern hero
who 's credited as the producer of the end of time	the end of time
who is the producer of a raisin in the sun ?	a raisin in the sun
which county contains san francisco , ca hud metro fmr area	san francisco , ca hud metro fmr area
who wrote the story for the film michelangelo eye to eye	michelangelo eye to eye
what is allen ludden 's profession in the entertainment industry ?	allen ludden
which 1983 plays were in the new york shakespeare festival ?	the new york shakespeare festival
what is a movie title located in family adventures in netflix	family adventures
which category would super size me be under in netflix ?	super size me
which sports championship event was 2013 afc championship game part of	2013 afc championship game
what are some examples of songs in the album europa ?	europa
what kind of film is schubert : alfonso und estrella ?	schubert : alfonso und estrella
which american and canadian football player was born in pensacola ?	pensacola
what kind of visual art is richard pousette-dart associated with ?	richard pousette-dart
what is the soundtrack to the movie waiting to exhale ?	waiting to exhale
what type of music is on the album diana & marvin	diana & marvin
what track was featured on the release i believe in christ	i believe in christ
who was the production company of the film the big parade	the big parade
who released the album symphony no. 1 including `` blumine ''	symphony no. 1 including `` blumine ''
which country did the italian invasion of france take place in	italian invasion of france
what types of movie is one down , two to go	one down , two to go
what type of music is this gun for hire affiliated with	this gun for hire
what works have been done on the british mandate of palestine	british mandate of palestine
what is the second level of division of meigs county ?	meigs county
what is the name of the netflix martial arts film ?	martial arts film
what position does jaime asensio de la fuente play in football	jaime asensio de la fuente
who was the direct on elton john : the red piano	elton john : the red piano
which genre of film is gig – road to the stars	gig – road to the stars
what 's a broadcast station that is owned by pacifica radio	pacifica radio
what is the subject of the written work old indian legends	old indian legends
who was mentioned in the review of funny people at www.boston.com	review of funny people at www.boston.com
what 's one of the names of king crimson 's album	king crimson
what album content type is the album punk can take it	punk can take it
what is a song featured on festivalbar 2005 : compilation rossa	festivalbar 2005 : compilation rossa
what 's one of the genres that netflix puts kokey in	kokey
the australian accounting standards board is what kind of arganization ?	australian accounting standards board
what type of release was the album sun : wings ?	sun : wings
what organization is in charge of pecos national historical park ?	pecos national historical park
what is the name of an artwork created by francis bacon	francis bacon
what type of content does the pit & the pendulum contain	the pit & the pendulum
which type of genre is little erin merryweather in netflix ?	little erin merryweather
what country did the film shout at the devil originate from	shout at the devil
what kind of release did coast to coast fever have ?	coast to coast fever
name the production company for the film brotherhood of the wolf	brotherhood of the wolf
what language is once upon a time in bolivia in ?	once upon a time in bolivia
what organization was founded by kathleen kennedy ( film producer )	kathleen kennedy
what is the subject matter of children of the earth ?	children of the earth
what kind of music is the album te amo corazón ?	te amo corazón
what 's a movie that is filmed about world war ii	world war ii
what group is the asteroid 4630 chaonis a member of ?	4630 chaonis
what 's the single version of i dream of jeannie named	i dream of jeannie
what track was released from blues ( disc 1 ) ?	blues ( disc 1 )
what style of music is the album rokk í reykjavík ?	rokk í reykjavík
what is the name of a book published by bantam spectra	bantam spectra
what series includes the episode spring wipeout : dirty laundry ?	spring wipeout : dirty laundry
who did the music from the film panic in the streets	panic in the streets
what type of videogame is children of mana released as ?	children of mana
which mode of gameplay is featured on top gear hyper bike	top gear hyper bike
what is the main language in the movie the stolen loaf	the stolen loaf
what is the name of a title of a romantic movies	romantic movies
what is a place that was named after james madison ?	james madison
what is an album that is considered to be dubstep ?	dubstep
what country did real , the movie take place in ?	real , the movie
what caused gunnar `` the ghost pilot '' andersson 's death	gunnar `` the ghost pilot '' andersson
what production company created the film tip on a dead jockey	tip on a dead jockey
where was bonnie beecher 's mother when she went into labor	bonnie beecher
what kind of album is the best of the blind boys	the best of the blind boys
what type of music does rick witter & the dukes make	rick witter & the dukes
what entity was involved in the battle of smithfield crossing ?	battle of smithfield crossing
which language family is the kurumba , alu language part of	kurumba , alu language
what kind of album is make way / goin ' places	make way / goin ' places
what type of asteroid group is 11725 victoriahsu a member of	11725 victoriahsu
who released an album called achilles and the tortoise original soundtrack	achilles and the tortoise original soundtrack
which language was written in the mammoth encyclopedia of science fiction	the mammoth encyclopedia of science fiction
what films were played at the 2013 ann arbor film festival	2013 ann arbor film festival
what is a track from the disc release absolute music 57	absolute music 57
what sort of film is donizetti : lucia di lammermoor ?	donizetti : lucia di lammermoor
per saari has been the executive producer of what film ?	per saari
which 2004 film did haruki murakami provide the story for ?	haruki murakami
in which subject would you learn about confession and bookkeeping ?	confession and bookkeeping
what is an episode on fat albert and the cosby kids	fat albert and the cosby kids
what country was tape bound , volume 3 filmed in ?	tape bound , volume 3
what is the public broadcasting radio station in mobile , alabama	public broadcasting
which german electronic music composer is represented by zyx music ?	zyx music
what is the official legal status of lobster 0.1 injectable solution	lobster 0.1 injectable solution
what is an active ingredient moiety of silver nitrate 0.025 liquid	silver nitrate 0.025 liquid
what is the name of a track released from shine on	shine on
what is the genre of the artist longineu w. parsons iii	longineu w. parsons iii
who is the author of the ordeal of thomas hutchinson ?	the ordeal of thomas hutchinson
what type of rock is played on otteita tuomari nurmion laulukirjasta	otteita tuomari nurmion laulukirjasta
from what midwestern county is william carroll ( tennessee politician )	william carroll
what is the name of a book written about florida ?	florida
who is a former pitcher for the san diego padres ?	pitcher
lost is a track that is apart of what release album	lost
what is an album with the same name as a color	album
what kind of special is maz jobrani : brown and friendly	maz jobrani : brown and friendly
where is the film dali & i : the surreal story	dali & i : the surreal story
who is the author of the book the hill of dreams	the hill of dreams
what 's a disease that can be treated with physical therapy	physical therapy
where in europe was denis delestrac 's place of birth ?	denis delestrac
name a person who was born in drumheller , alberta .	drumheller , alberta
what language was die you zombie bastards ! filmed in ?	die you zombie bastards !
which country was the gospel according to st. matthew filmed in	the gospel according to st. matthew
what location is in the north american central time zone ?	central time zone
what kind of music does the album goats head soup exhibit	goats head soup
which animated fantasy show was released in 1980s by nbc ?	fantasy
in what language is the fiend who walked the west spoken	the fiend who walked the west
who is the artist of the recording amore splendida luce ?	amore splendida luce
what is a language of the film into great silence ?	into great silence
what is the name of the live solo piano jazz album	jazz
roswell : the ufo uncover-up is what genre of film ?	roswell : the ufo uncover-up
who is a downtempo artist who has worked on hollywood films	downtempo
which group was involved in the second battle of st albans	second battle of st albans
what is a track featured on the album for madmen only	for madmen only
what 's a topic discussed in lost city of the kalahari	lost city of the kalahari
which type of star system is ( 68950 ) 2002 qf15	( 68950 ) 2002 qf15
what is a school within the boston public schools district ?	boston public schools
who is the author of artemis fowl ( auf deutsch )	artemis fowl ( auf deutsch )
what is a legal case from the supreme court of canada	supreme court of canada
what genre is the album rock in a hard place ?	rock in a hard place
what participated in dancing with the stars - season 16 ?	dancing with the stars - season 16
whats the name of a monarch from the house of wessex	house of wessex
what is the genre of the film women of the sun	women of the sun
what kind of school is capital area school for the arts	capital area school for the arts
what kind of an album is together at the bluebird café	together at the bluebird café
what is the title of a book written on adventure ?	adventure
who composed how can you live in the northeast ? ?	how can you live in the northeast ?
what kind of film is the hunger ( film ) ?	the hunger
what is the name of a drama movie by abdellatif abdelhamid	drama
which country is the film a dream in the making from	a dream in the making
what is the title of a book thats a biography genre	biography
what genre would the purple naked ladies album fall under ?	purple naked ladies
what is the position that soccer player lance davids plays ?	lance davids
what is one of the major subjects in the lost generation	the lost generation
what group of religious people does carmen milady pared associate with	carmen milady pared
which places are a part of the 18914 zip code ?	18914
what is the name of sara groves 's 2009 album ?	sara groves
what is a city in surrey county , north carolina ?	north carolina
what genre is tactics ogre : let us cling together ?	tactics ogre : let us cling together
what kind of book is the ganges : along sacred waters	the ganges : along sacred waters
which artist is featured on the album deep purple & friends	deep purple & friends
what is the name of a single from the album sylvia	sylvia
what music genre is marta romero most commonly associated with ?	marta romero
who was one of the founders of the john birch society	john birch society
what is the name of a book written about jealousy ?	jealousy
what 's a production that was staged at detroit opera house	detroit opera house
what type of album is live at billy bob 's texas	live at billy bob 's texas
the track i shall be released is from what album ?	i shall be released
what is the form of the artwork the rock of doom	the rock of doom
what 's the name of a track that jonas berggren engineered	jonas berggren
what is the topic of the book the english town ?	the english town
what country is grips , grunts and groans filmed in ?	grips , grunts and groans
who was a producer on the release the black rider ?	the black rider
which artist made cudi the kid ( third party remix )	cudi the kid ( third party remix )
who is the singer of the album the blistering sun ?	the blistering sun
what type of release is ballads : murder intrigue love discord	ballads : murder intrigue love discord
what 's a city located in alabama in the united states	united states
what language was roc and a hard place originally written in	roc and a hard place
who is the child of richard jones ( bassist ) ?	richard jones
what netflix genre is luciano pavarotti : the last tenor ?	luciano pavarotti : the last tenor
what is a track from hennes bästa ( disc 1 )	hennes bästa ( disc 1 )
what tourist attractions are found in santa rosa , california ?	santa rosa , california
what star system can you expect to find 9392 cavaillon ?	9392 cavaillon
what is the location of michael w. leighton 's death ?	michael w. leighton
which season of what show is the episode jungle fever from	jungle fever
what is the name of an album from the artist monrose	monrose
what genre of film is the emperor 's new clothes ?	the emperor 's new clothes
what kind of alcohol is allowed on diet of veganism ?	veganism
the release track cardiac arrest is from what body of work	cardiac arrest
which european kingdom did john vi of portugal ruled over ?	john vi of portugal
what is a song that came from the release handy man	handy man
what priest died of typhoid fever in trier , germany ?	typhoid fever
which language was the film the life of reilly made in	the life of reilly
what language was used in the film a bell for adano	a bell for adano
what 's a movie that mark isham wrote the music for	mark isham
what is paul leary known for in the entertainment industry ?	paul leary
who was the female actress that directed the reluctant fundamentalist ?	the reluctant fundamentalist
what 's a gameplay mode in starshatter : the gathering storm	starshatter : the gathering storm
what format does billboard top rock'n'roll hits : 1958 album have	billboard top rock'n'roll hits : 1958
what is the netflix genre of the wild blue yonder ?	the wild blue yonder
what is the art subject of portrait of sir thomas more	portrait of sir thomas more
what dosage form does helium oxygen mixture 0.8/0.2 gas come in	helium oxygen mixture 0.8/0.2 gas
in which city in ohio is defiance , ohio from ?	defiance , ohio
which style of tv program is bulgaria 's got talent ?	bulgaria 's got talent
which formulation is in nafcillin sodium 2 powder for injectable solution	nafcillin sodium 2 powder for injectable solution
what is the name of a book written by ruth gruber	ruth gruber
what male anime character has the power of mind control ?	mind control
which movement is the visual artist virginia patrone associated with ?	virginia patrone
what 's a different version of the mystery book cyber spy	mystery
which language is two projects by frederick kiesler usually shown in	two projects by frederick kiesler
who is a defender on the south korean football team ?	defender
what type of album is special herbs , vol. 2 ?	special herbs , vol. 2
what is a book published by farrar , straus and giroux	farrar , straus and giroux
who was the author of the piece chronicles of wasted time	chronicles of wasted time
what game play mode is offered for the game star soldier	star soldier
which places are located in raleigh county , west virginia ?	raleigh county
what is the release track on a woman and a man	a woman and a man
what kind of binding does the book the witches come in	the witches
what is the subject of the book four seasons in rome	four seasons in rome
what medium was battle of the golden spurs painted with ?	battle of the golden spurs
what release features the track i will always love you ?	i will always love you
what is one of the tracks from like a king ?	like a king
what kind of music is featured on the wall of sacrifice	the wall of sacrifice
what language was spoken in balzac and the little chinese seamstress	balzac and the little chinese seamstress
what is the official school color of dundalk high school ?	dundalk high school
what is the language that is spoken in imperio de cristal	imperio de cristal
whats the name of the release whose recording was called fall	fall
who wrote lyrics to the lamb lies down on broadway ?	the lamb lies down on broadway
what is the subject of the book asian pop cinema ?	asian pop cinema
what is the genre of the tv program called hello birdy	hello birdy
is non , je n'ai rien oublié a album or dvd	non , je n'ai rien oublié
what governmental entity is in charge of the tatoosh wilderness reserve	tatoosh wilderness
what is the form of the composition everything must perish ?	everything must perish
who is the main label of the artist mic little ?	mic little
who was the writer for the film lies in plain sight	lies in plain sight
who was the costume designer on the film what women want	what women want
what book deals with north america as it 's main subject	north america
what kind of movie is the place of the dead ?	the place of the dead
who is a football player who served in world war ii	world war ii
is the general died at dawn a comedy or action film	the general died at dawn
what is a track on the album titled the best of	the best of
who is the artist that recorded balls to the walls ?	balls to the walls
what 's a song off of live at the black box	live at the black box
who is someone that was born in washington , d.c .	washington
what game series is the game madden nfl 13 in ?	madden nfl 13
what is the topic of the book the war at home	the war at home
what is a thriller ( genre ) film on netflix ?	thriller
what genre is artist liv kristine 's music part of ?	liv kristine
are the melbourne gardens in the united states or canada ?	melbourne gardens
whats the release type of the last thing on my mind	the last thing on my mind
what is the name of snoop dogg 's music track ?	snoop dogg
who was one of the major powers involved in operation vengeance	operation vengeance
what genre is the album sid sings considered to be ?	sid sings
who was the runner up at the 1962 stanley cup finals	1962 stanley cup finals
what is the location of the battle of the nek ?	battle of the nek
what medium was used to paint bonaparte crossing the alps ?	bonaparte crossing the alps
what is one of the school colors for patrick henry college	patrick henry college
which film was directed by the film art director cedric gibbons	cedric gibbons
what book was published by the author james a. michener ?	james a. michener
what type of music is noah 's arc : season 1	noah 's arc : season 1
what country was i remember better when i paint released in	i remember better when i paint
what type of album is a jolly christmas from frank sinatra	a jolly christmas from frank sinatra
what organization was founded by sir lowthian bell , 1st baronet	lowthian bell
which topics are discussed in the book top of her game	top of her game
what 's one album that the song mexico was released on	mexico
what is a track from sunshine live , volume 8 ?	sunshine live , volume 8
what was the release type of the album i grandi successi	i grandi successi
who is the english composer for the film rio 2 ?	rio 2
what is the name of a track by ingmar nordströms ?	ingmar nordströms
who was someone that was involved in world war ii ?	world war ii
what is the lowest grade taught in montebello high school ?	montebello high school
what type of film is bodies , rest & motion ?	bodies , rest & motion
what type of disc was tales of a librarian released on	tales of a librarian
what is the name of a book published by graham swift	graham swift
who was the lyricist off of purt nigh but not plumb	purt nigh but not plumb
what is a song from the there was an elk album	there was an elk
what is the title of an edition of the book saxophone	saxophone
which form of dance is practiced at world dance fitness ?	world dance fitness
what is the subject for the book a portrait of england	a portrait of england
which genre in netflix is daniel & ana titled under ?	daniel & ana
what 's the subject of the film fortress 2 : re-entry	fortress 2 : re-entry
what type of film is the mission ( 1986 film )	the mission
what is the title of the film in the genre television	television
who was the artist of the album original artist hit list	original artist hit list
what is the main country of origin of the tuscarora language	tuscarora language
in what country was the film born this way made ?	born this way
what is the location of the gunfight at the o.k. corral	gunfight at the o.k. corral
what is the original language of the book titled secret water	secret water
what is the name of a county in the united states	united states
what is the compositional form of the safest way into tomorrow	the safest way into tomorrow
where was sing a song of six pants originally released ?	sing a song of six pants
what kind of architectural style is united methodist church of batavia	united methodist church of batavia
what is the place of birth of frank e. petersen ?	frank e. petersen
which are some hubs the norwegian air shuttle flies to ?	norwegian air shuttle
what country released the movie glasnost rock - rock summer 88	glasnost rock - rock summer 88
the west cedar rapids is a part of what country ?	west cedar rapids
in which language is the united states of tara program spoken	united states of tara
where is the lion , the witch and the wardrobe from	the lion , the witch and the wardrobe
what company did produce the cheetah girls : pop star sensations	the cheetah girls : pop star sensations
who designed the film production of the best of john belushi	the best of john belushi
what is a language of the film dumm dumm dumm ?	dumm dumm dumm
what is name of the satire film michael berenbaum produced ?	michael berenbaum
what romantic independent movies feature halle berry and billy bob thornton	romantic independent movies
who is a heavy drug ( surrender sounds mix ) artist	heavy drug ( surrender sounds mix )
what position does andre branch play at in american football ?	andre branch
which country is the west virginia school of osteopathic medicine in	west virginia school of osteopathic medicine
what country released tales from the hollywood hills : closed set	tales from the hollywood hills : closed set
in what language was the film the battle of midway made	the battle of midway
in which country is logan , edgar county , illinois located	logan , edgar county , illinois
what location is part of the north american central time zone	central time zone
what is the other bells for us to ring book about	other bells for us to ring
which genre of film is 36 ghante titled in netflix ?	36 ghante
name a food that can be eaten on a vegetarian cuisine	vegetarian cuisine
what is the subject of the book cognition in the wild	cognition in the wild
what is the title of a game made by mistwalker ?	mistwalker
what is the name of a track by the artist siskid	siskid
what is the work of the book subject new jersey ?	new jersey
name film produced by dan schneider ( tv producer ) .	dan schneider
what is the genre of the album no way to say	no way to say
what is the film from the production company working title films	working title films
what is the color of st patrick 's college , strathfield	st patrick 's college , strathfield
what is the genre of the book titled gift of fire	gift of fire
michael dempsey 's music falls under what type of genre ?	michael dempsey
what is the netflix genre where the film merantau is under	merantau
what is the track list of the release shit for brains	shit for brains
what is a release from the recording o holy night ?	o holy night
who did costume design for the film chatur singh two star	chatur singh two star
what manufacturer made the kodak z712 is zoom digital camera ?	kodak z712 is zoom digital camera
which literary genre is james tiptree , jr. award awarded for	james tiptree , jr. award
what is one of the events from the 1960 summer olympics	1960 summer olympics
what was used in the construction of los angeles harbor light	los angeles harbor light
which film did antonio tentori help provide the story credits ?	antonio tentori
what is the subject of the written work nicholas and alexandra	nicholas and alexandra
what is the legal status of isopropyl alcohol 0.966 liquid ?	isopropyl alcohol 0.966 liquid
what type of music is the eye of the eagle ?	eye of the eagle
which album was also released as an album release type ?	album
what is the film written by william gibson ( playwright )	william gibson
what kind of architectural style is exhibited by the deconstructivism sructure	deconstructivism
what is the label that maaya sakamoto is signed to ?	maaya sakamoto
what is a gay & lesbian romance found on netflix ?	gay & lesbian romance
what language do the actors speak in daana veera soora karna	daana veera soora karna
what is a mystery debut novel by american writer marisha pessl	mystery
who was the artist that performed the songs on regular joe	regular joe
who is the program director for the show whispered words ?	whispered words
the composition never known is performed in which popular language ?	never known
which city contains university of science and technology of china ?	university of science and technology of china
who was the artist that recorded the album rumor has it	rumor has it
what is the name of a place located in illinois ?	illinois
what language is the wisdom of w.e.b. du bois in ?	the wisdom of w.e.b. du bois
what is the ideology of the communist party of azerbaijan ?	communist party of azerbaijan
what is the active ingredient of titanium dioxide 0.08 lotion ?	titanium dioxide 0.08 lotion
where was the place of death of christian friedrich wilhelm roller	christian friedrich wilhelm roller
whats the name of an organization in the real estate sector	real estate
what is the name of a track of dildo warheads ?	dildo warheads
what type of film is the girl who came back ?	the girl who came back
what music genre is the clash : up close and personal	the clash : up close and personal
where is the anchorage , ak metropolitan statistical area located ?	anchorage , ak metropolitan statistical area
what is the genre ratcatcher ( film ) falls into ?	ratcatcher
what is a release from the recording battle of waterloo ?	battle of waterloo
who contributed to music on the film walking and talking ?	walking and talking
what 's a book written about the great wall of china	great wall of china
what is the genre of the book the garden of evil	the garden of evil
what kind of release was live nottingham 20 dec 2004 ?	live nottingham 20 dec 2004
what genre of film is compay segundo : world music portraits	compay segundo : world music portraits
what kind of series is the trailer park boys tv show	trailer park boys
what is a language that is spoken in the philippines ?	the philippines
what is ferruccio de martino 's in the entertainment industry ?	ferruccio de martino
what kinda of film is tommy hancock : west texas muse	tommy hancock : west texas muse
what is the netflix genre that protection can be found in	protection
what is the legal status of lidocaine hydrochloride 20 injection ?	lidocaine hydrochloride 20 injection
what is the best way to classify faktychno sami 's music	faktychno sami
what is the release type of the age of atlantic ?	the age of atlantic
what genre is unbreakable : the greatest hits , volume 1	unbreakable : the greatest hits
who was the artist of the album live in london 2011	live in london 2011
what are some examples of compositions by w. c. handy ?	w. c. handy
which country came up with the tv show off the wall	off the wall
blind willie mctell is known for creating music in what genre	blind willie mctell
what is adam oliensis 's profession in the entertainment industry ?	adam oliensis
which schools are located in the springfield school district 19 ?	springfield school district 19
what kind of music is on the album motions of mutation	motions of mutation
who is the author of the written work the unquiet grave	the unquiet grave
what is a song included in floorfillers : the ultimate collection	floorfillers : the ultimate collection
what is one of john abercrombie ( guitarist ) 's albums	john abercrombie
which genre is the album confessions on a dance floor from	confessions on a dance floor
what genre of film is steal this film - part one	steal this film - part one
is the power of the dark crystal a animation or comedy	the power of the dark crystal
what type of release was police officer by smiley culture ?	police officer
what 's a language spoken in nepalis in the united kingdom	nepalis in the united kingdom
what is a book by joe mcginniss that was published ?	joe mcginniss
what is an example of a song by bob marley ?	bob marley
the last assyrians is a film that features what language ?	the last assyrians
what is the name of a mystery movie on netflix ?	mystery
what is the subject of the book the persian gulf war	the persian gulf war
what art genre best describes composition viii ( the cow )	composition viii ( the cow )
where did karl august , prince of waldeck and pyrmont die	karl august , prince of waldeck and pyrmont
who is a notable figure that was born in buenos aires	buenos aires
what is the name of a book written by robert dilts	robert dilts
who is a fictional human character from the television series angel	human
what is an active ingredient in ciclesonide 80 metered aerosol ?	ciclesonide 80 metered aerosol
what 's one of the brothers grimm 's famous fairy tales	the brothers grimm
what is the genre of technotise : edit & i ?	technotise : edit & i
who is the artist from the recording round my family tree	round my family tree
what is the architectural style of the trinity episcopal church ?	trinity episcopal church
what is a track that pacifist is a recording of ?	pacifist
what is one of the exhibits in the woburn safari park	woburn safari park
what type of release was hot ! live and otherwise ?	hot ! live and otherwise
which is an example of a breed of beef cattle ?	beef cattle
who is a notable person that was born in saint petersburg	saint petersburg
what is the netflix genre that el caballito volador is in	el caballito volador
what was the place of birth of hendrik willem bakhuis roozeboom	hendrik willem bakhuis roozeboom
what group of people were involved in the siege of paris	siege of paris
what type of architecture was used to make the tower hotel	tower hotel
what episode aired before intervention ( buffy the vampire slayer )	intervention
name a supported storage type of the casio exilim ex-z5 .	casio exilim ex-z5
what is the name of a compilation album made in 2005	compilation album
isometric projection is a cvg genre for this video game .	isometric projection
what is josé ferrer 's place of death in florida ?	josé ferrer
what is the music genre of soundtracks for the blind ?	soundtracks for the blind
what 's a prominent theater located in vancouver , british columbia	theater
what kind of film is tramp , tramp , tramp ?	tramp , tramp , tramp
where in the united states is chris eldridge born in ?	chris eldridge
what is a location in the central european time zone ?	central european time zone
in what north american country was spider-man ( film ) filmed	spider-man
what part of new zealand was richard torrance born in ?	richard torrance
what is the name of a band that plays folk music	folk music
who was in charge of the film set on star trek	star trek
which country is night time cherry pseudo-free 500/15/6.25 liquid available in	night time cherry pseudo-free 500/15/6.25 liquid
what genre of music is buy now ... saved later ?	buy now ... saved later
which family is carl xvi gustaf of sweden part of ?	carl xvi gustaf of sweden
who is a scottish politician member of the house of balliol	house of balliol
what 's the name of an album by boris the sprinkler	album
what are locations that have the north american central time zone	central time zone
what kind of release was a good texan : live ?	a good texan : live
what is the subject of the economics of private law ?	the economics of private law
how is at the museum of modern art released as ?	at the museum of modern art
what formula is available in the form of a lotion ?	lotion
what type of celestial object is ( 21019 ) 1988 vc2	( 21019 ) 1988 vc2
what country is yeshiva college ( yeshiva university ) in ?	yeshiva college
what is a gameplay mode that can be played on trioncube	trioncube
what kind of book is tales of the austral tropics ?	tales of the austral tropics
what physical format is who fucked the dj ? available in	who fucked the dj ?
what is the planetary system located in the solar system ?	solar system
what 's the name of that 1993 sean connery drama film	drama film
which company published the game freedom force vs. the third reich	freedom force vs. the third reich
what kind of music genre is the rising tide of oblivion	the rising tide of oblivion
what is the tittle of the movie produced by richard franklin	richard franklin
what language is the program spaceballs : the animated series in	spaceballs : the animated series
to what film is long cheng credited as the editor ?	long cheng
what game can be played on the super nintendo entertainment system	super nintendo entertainment system
what genre of music does bern elliott & the fenmen create	bern elliott & the fenmen
who is the artist that created the album 54 guitar greats	54 guitar greats
who is the advertiser for the campaign the cheering truck ?	the cheering truck
who plays the forward position for river plate football team ?	forward
which song is part of santa claus is coming to town	santa claus is coming to town
whats the name of a second level division in united states	united states
what is the architectural style of st. mark 's baptist church	st. mark 's baptist church
what language is used in the composition a question of time	a question of time
name a game that was made for the atari st platform	atari st
which country 's main language is the koli , kachi language	koli , kachi language
what is the name of one of paul overstreet 's children	paul overstreet
whats the genre of the game sins of a solar empire	sins of a solar empire
who designed the costumes for the fil lies in plain sight	lies in plain sight
what city and state is buildings at 110-112 inman street located	buildings at 110-112 inman street
which tracks were a part of the release new romantics ?	new romantics
what tv program utilized the バブルガムクライシス 6 : red eyes soundtrack	バブルガムクライシス 6 : red eyes
whats the shape of sunmark acid reducer maximum strength 150 tablet	sunmark acid reducer maximum strength 150 tablet
what 's a lake that can be visited near st. catharines	st. catharines
what kind of film is the pianist ( 2002 film )	the pianist
billy corgan is credited as the producer on what album ?	billy corgan
what is a region that dead combo was released in	dead combo
what is a film directed by wiebke von carolsfeld ?	wiebke von carolsfeld
what is the language of the film bon voyage ?	bon voyage
what is the release type of the album wake ?	wake
souad massi was the music contributor for which film ?	souad massi
what medium was smooth 'n swingin ' released on ?	smooth 'n swingin '
what is the active ingredient in titanium dioxide 0.223 cream	titanium dioxide 0.223 cream
what entity was involved in the roman–parthian war of 58–63	roman–parthian war of 58–63
what is the genre of the artists weird war ?	weird war
what 's the full title of the third madagascar movie	madagascar
what 's a more general name for a planetary scientist	planetary scientist
which film is in the genre thriller ( genre )	thriller
the recording star is an adaptation of which song ?	star
what artist is responsible for 40 - live in london	40 - live in london
what style if music is silver wilkinson released in ?	silver wilkinson
what area is served by the broadcast classic vinyl ?	classic vinyl
who was a military personnel involved in world war ii	world war ii
what is the name of your favorite graphic designer ?	graphic designer
which country is rythmol 150 film coated tablet available in	rythmol 150 film coated tablet
what genre is the book dr. jekyll and mr. holmes	dr. jekyll and mr. holmes
what was the place of birth of william des vœux	william des vœux
what kinds of movie is dead man walking in netlix	dead man walking
which european city was claudin de sermisy when they die	claudin de sermisy
who is a child of james william van der beek	james william van der beek
what is a game played on a personal computer ?	personal computer
what country was the london chuck berry sessions released in	the london chuck berry sessions
what social science is the subject of the friendship factor	the friendship factor
what is star system contains ( 5979 ) 1992 xf	( 5979 ) 1992 xf
what track was of the release titled hello my captor	hello my captor
what immunity was danni boatwright awarded in the show survivor	danni boatwright
which albums were a part of the release transfusion ?	transfusion
what is the active ingredient in tacrolimus 5 injectable solution	tacrolimus 5 injectable solution
what is the location of sannappa parameshwar gaonkar death place	sannappa parameshwar gaonkar
in what language is the five stages of grief spoken	the five stages of grief
what kind of music does the 69 eyes make ?	the 69 eyes
what genre of music is the album almanac live 2004	almanac live 2004
what is arturo perez torres 's country of nationality ?	arturo perez torres
what type of film is a kid called danger ?	a kid called danger
what is a fraternity or sorority at stanford university ?	stanford university
what is the release type of the album deathrace king	deathrace king
who is an instrumentalist known for playing the piano ?	piano
what song is new york city a recording of ?	new york city
where in italy did the battle of tarentum take place	battle of tarentum
who is the producer of who wants to live forever	who wants to live forever
what media is santa maria della salute , venice in	santa maria della salute , venice
who is the owner of the the register-herald newspaper ?	the register-herald
who was a notable person in the korean war ?	korean war
what is the subject of tarzan of the apes ?	tarzan of the apes
who is a person that was born in oakland ?	oakland
which genome is the gene multiple endocrine neoplasia i in	multiple endocrine neoplasia i
what is an artist associated with latin american music ?	latin american music
which movie did george barnes work on as the cinematographer	george barnes
what is a language that love actually was produced in	love actually
who is somebody that played point guard in the nba	point guard
what is the album of the artist the saints ?	the saints
what is an asteroid group member of asteroid belt ?	asteroid belt
what is the name of a single by robert clary	robert clary
what kind of film is sisters of the gion ?	sisters of the gion
who was the artist that created the recording titled 1980	1980
where is swaim place located within the united states ?	swaim place
what military plan was used to defend khe sanh ?	khe sanh
who developed the game the elder scrolls iii : bloodmoon	the elder scrolls iii : bloodmoon
what kind of release is love come to life ?	love come to life
what book type is the autobiography of alice b. toklas	the autobiography of alice b. toklas
what format does the glenn frey live album is played	glenn frey live
which retired english professional footballer was born in birmingham ?	birmingham
which genre is the netflix film a good year from	a good year
which language is cuando llega el amor usually broadcast in	cuando llega el amor
what is 1993-07-14 : blastic scene : lisbon , portugal	1993-07-14 : blastic scene : lisbon , portugal
what is an example of a rap metal album ?	rap metal
name a person with the ethnicity of german american .	german american
what film falls into the thriller ( genre ) ?	thriller
what does the trak starz do for a living ?	the trak starz
who is the artist that recorded un poco loco ?	un poco loco
what is the active ingredient in theophylline 4 injectable solution	theophylline 4 injectable solution
what is the subject of the manhattan beach project ?	the manhattan beach project
what is a example of a science fiction movie ?	science fiction
what television genre is the program the night strangler ?	the night strangler
what kind of school is st. edward high school ?	st. edward high school
where in sicily is province of palermo located in ?	province of palermo
what movie is in the singer-songwriter category of netflix ?	singer-songwriter
what netflix title is in the genre united kingdom ?	united kingdom
what is the name of a work by paul cézanne	paul cézanne
what language was bigtime released to the public in ?	bigtime
what 's one of the topics in the long trail	the long trail
which genre of music does know hope collective perform ?	know hope collective
what is the official color of orange county community college	orange county community college
which city does the group the method actors come from	the method actors
what album is from the artist dmitri borisovich kabalevsky ?	dmitri borisovich kabalevsky
which east coast state is de peyster located in ?	de peyster
which language is the tv program baa bahoo aur baby	baa bahoo aur baby
what is a public school in rigby , idaho ?	public school
who is a player that is in the rugby league	rugby league
what is a gameplay mode from the game titled elebits	elebits
where is residential college at mary foust located at ?	residential college at mary foust
which tv series was grand canyon an episode for ?	grand canyon
which city in the east coast was dean wurzberger born	dean wurzberger
what movie was nancy steiner the costume designer for ?	nancy steiner
what type of performance-based poetry is performed by wesley willis	wesley willis
what is the name of an album by buck-tick ?	buck-tick
what is the publisher company of code age commanders game	code age commanders
what is the subject of the articles of confederation ?	the articles of confederation
what type of movie is calamity anne 's vanity ?	calamity anne 's vanity
where was the movie blood : the last vampire released	blood : the last vampire
which language is used in i will always love you	i will always love you
which albums were released by the bay city rollers ?	the bay city rollers
what song is pablo picasso a recorded version of ?	pablo picasso
what was a release of the album middle man ?	middle man
which city in illinois was ed randolph born in ?	ed randolph
what type of release is monterey international pop festival ?	monterey international pop festival
what is a city in ulster county , new york	ulster county , new york
what is the software for pwm ( window manager )	pwm
what film aired at the 2009 sundance film festival ?	2009 sundance film festival
what kind of music is played in burn the world	burn the world
what type of music genre is just whitney ... ?	just whitney ...
what 's a song on the album the jungle book	the jungle book
which tracks were produced by the artist j. cole ?	j. cole
name one of the founders of facebook , inc .	facebook
who was the author of the book swords against death	swords against death
what is the soundtrack for of mice and men called	of mice and men
what place appears in the gallery of location of itauguá	location of itauguá
what country is manos hajidakis : eidolo ston kathrefti from	manos hajidakis : eidolo ston kathrefti
what is the name of an album by gwen guthrie	gwen guthrie
what position does the soccer athlete joaquín enrique valerio play	joaquín enrique valerio
what is the 1964 adaption of the work fail-safe ?	fail-safe
what is one of the subjects of torn away ?	torn away
what is the architectural style of the apsley house ?	apsley house
what 's a city in georgia ( u.s. state )	georgia
what 's a full length album released by nobuo uematsu	nobuo uematsu
what is one of china crisis 's track titles ?	china crisis
which country was the piano concerto no. 1 released in	piano concerto no. 1
who is a character who had the power of telepathy	telepathy
what style was mercantile trust and deposit company built in	mercantile trust and deposit company
what type of aircraft is delta air lines flight 191	delta air lines flight 191
who was the producer on the song smooth criminal ?	smooth criminal
what is the label of the release great fire ?	great fire
who was the lyricist for the song neighborhood bully ?	neighborhood bully
what language do the characters speak in la petite morte	la petite morte
what country is the film triumph of the will from	triumph of the will
what is the name of a drama film on netflix	drama film
who 's a chief minister born in chapar , dhubri	chapar , dhubri
what track list is in the release tumble down slow	tumble down slow
what types of album is in the best of bartók	the best of bartók
which country in north america does mike mccoy belong to	mike mccoy
what is the legal structure of buffalo wild wings ?	buffalo wild wings
what type of netflix genre is the title the chosen	the chosen
what is the building function of the kohinoor asiana hotel	kohinoor asiana hotel
what is the active moiety of formulation of matricaria chamomilla	matricaria chamomilla
which artist recorded the militia ii ( remix ) ?	the militia ii ( remix )
what 's the school colors of kelvin grove state college	kelvin grove state college
what disease is anorexia ( symptom ) a symptom of	anorexia
what is an example of content that includes john waite	john waite
which city in america was h.b. barnum iii born in	h.b. barnum iii
name a movie new york city was featured in ?	new york city
who is the author editor of the book david boring	david boring
name a fictional human human character from hanna-barbera cartoons .	human
what is the subject of man of the hour ?	man of the hour
what song is ball and chain a recorded version of	ball and chain
what type of album was sony music special products ?	sony music special products
which track did neil thrasher provide the lyrics for ?	neil thrasher
what track list is the release only an orchard away	only an orchard away
which country in europe is brownhart law located in ?	brownhart law
what is the type of release of psycho city ?	psycho city
what is an ingredient in triamcinolone acetonide 10 injectable suspension	triamcinolone acetonide 10 injectable suspension
what country is parcopa 25/100 orally disintegrating tablet available in	parcopa 25/100 orally disintegrating tablet
what is a film in the genre of short film	short film
what 's a match played by uruguay national football team	uruguay national football team
what language is utilized in the film romancing the stone	romancing the stone
who was the editor of die softly ( reissue )	die softly ( reissue )
which city falls under the north american central time zone	central time zone
what season of man v food is puerto rico from	puerto rico
what is a studio album by the irish boyband westlife	studio album
is feel the noise of liar liar considered a drama	drama
name an artist from the contemporary r & b genre	contemporary r & b
what 's an ingredient in tabasco brand green pepper sauce	tabasco brand green pepper sauce
which type of music is the album soul on ice	soul on ice
name an artist under the verve music group record label	verve music group
what language is spoken in the movie the sainted sisters	the sainted sisters
in what country was owl and the sparrow shot ?	owl and the sparrow
what famous person was born in glenwood springs , colorado	glenwood springs , colorado
what kind of car is a cadillac series 62 ?	cadillac series 62
in what genre was the book evil always ends written	evil always ends
what is the lowest grade taught at wilton high school	wilton high school
in what format was time is on my side released	time is on my side
what type of establishment is the shawnee mission medical center	shawnee mission medical center
what is a film that robert halmi executive produced ?	robert halmi
what kind of album is best of the emi years	best of the emi years
what is a broadcast station where los lobos is played	los lobos
what 's the name of a 2004 french romance film	romance film
what 's the recorded version of the song step up	step up
who was the author of `` master class '' ?	master class
what ethnic group of people does jamie o'carroll associate with	jamie o'carroll
where is santo angel , san pablo , laguna ?	santo angel , san pablo , laguna
what is the name of an asteroid discovered on 1938	asteroid
what book genre does dvorak in america belong to ?	dvorak in america
which country created the film the return of the musketeers	the return of the musketeers
which language is the film the snow maiden released in	the snow maiden
what does a lineman ( occupation ) specialize as ?	lineman
what type of book of the mysteries of udolpho ?	the mysteries of udolpho
what is the name of a documentary film on netflix	documentary film
which genre of music is marshall lytle associated with ?	marshall lytle
what is an edition of the book going to extremes	going to extremes
what artist is on the lable century media records ?	century media records
what kind of album is preaching to the perverted ?	preaching to the perverted
in which state is irish hill , louisville located ?	irish hill , louisville
what is the name of a town in minnesota ?	minnesota
which places are located in victoria ( australia ) ?	victoria
who is the defender for the curaçao national football team	defender
what 's a book that 's written about the bible	the bible
is the gender of adele mara male or female ?	adele mara
who is an example of a hard rock artist ?	hard rock
what is a book published by the company leisure books	leisure books
which artist uses photography as their preferred visual art form	photography
what type of written work is night 's master ?	night 's master
where in the united states was martin johnson born in	martin johnson
what kind of film is 03:34 : earthquake in chile	03:34 : earthquake in chile
what star system is 4614 masamura a part of ?	4614 masamura
benton county is a second level dvision of which nation	benton county
what is a iso setting on a nikon d300 ?	nikon d300
what types of movie is the evil woods in netflix	the evil woods
what style of music is the together released in ?	together
what type of fiction is the book leaning towards infinity	leaning towards infinity
what is the language of the film an independent life	an independent life
what type of facility is title boxing club missouri city	title boxing club missouri city
which media format was ( best live ) released on	( best live )
which city is located in mingo county , west virginia	mingo county
what region is broadway the hard way released in ?	broadway the hard way
what netflix genre is the lady in scarlet in ?	the lady in scarlet
what type of unit is the 41st ohio infantry ?	41st ohio infantry
what 's the title of one of mœnia 's albums	mœnia
what kind of educational institution is east mecklenburg high school	east mecklenburg high school
what instrument was used in the rabbit island music festival	rabbit island music festival
what is the name of a adult contemporary music station	adult contemporary music
what genre of music is the album no limitations ?	no limitations
an example of a forward soccer player would be ?	forward
what subject does the lao hill tribes book contain ?	lao hill tribes
what is the topic of the written piece organizing dixie	organizing dixie
which book was part of series of world war ii	world war ii
what is the architectural style of park region luther college	park region luther college
whats the name of an artist who makes indie rock	indie rock
what color is risperidone m-tab 2 orally disintegrating tablet ?	risperidone m-tab 2 orally disintegrating tablet
what is the planetary system in the solar system ?	solar system
how is the book once upon a time bounded ?	once upon a time
what 's the soundtrack for the movie wild wild west	wild wild west
which netflix genre can you find the animal under ?	the animal
where in new zealand did john thornton down die ?	john thornton down
what kind of release was feel sorry for the fanatic	feel sorry for the fanatic
what film is the soundtrack another cinderella story from ?	another cinderella story
what type of album is extreme days considered to be	extreme days
what is the nearest travel destination to dakshineswar kali temple	dakshineswar kali temple
what is the title of a netflix spain film ?	spain
what is an australian album known for its rock music	rock music
who did the music for the film italian for beginners	italian for beginners
what language is selma , lord , selma in ?	selma , lord , selma
what was a release of strip ( album ) ?	strip
who published law & order : double or nothing ?	law & order : double or nothing
who is an artist that was signed to universal studios	universal studios
name a place that can be found in tirunelveli .	tirunelveli
what type of album content is touch my evil ?	touch my evil
who is the founder of the ludwig von mises institute	ludwig von mises institute
which musician composed for monster mash ( 1995 film )	monster mash
what type of game is half-life ( video game )	half-life
what is an ingredient in polpo in umido con cipolle	polpo in umido con cipolle
which film was designed by john mccarthy , jr .	john mccarthy
what subject is the green hills of earth about ?	the green hills of earth
which was a film poem is contributed by tony harrison	tony harrison
which company developed harry potter and the prisoner of azkaban	harry potter and the prisoner of azkaban
which cyclone affected puerto rico in the 1970 's ?	puerto rico
what kind of license was intellij idea released under ?	intellij idea
what is the genre of the film the eighteenth angel	the eighteenth angel
what is michael sachs known for doing as a profession	michael sachs
who is a southern author born in the united states	united states
what is the color of the drug premphase 0.625,0.625/5 kit	premphase 0.625,0.625/5 kit
what is the subject of the written work , miracles	miracles
what type of music does we are the ocean make	we are the ocean
whats the name of song on the album the collection	the collection
is there another attraction in plymouth other than plymouth rock	plymouth
which film genre is the dividing hour listed under ?	the dividing hour
which company was involved in dna sequencing instrumentation and services	dna sequencing instrumentation and services
what would be an example of an indie film ?	indie film
what kind of school is st. joseph catholic high school	st. joseph catholic high school
what film did thomas ambrose direct the art for ?	thomas ambrose
what are some of the albums released by run-d.m.c. ?	run-d.m.c.
what show is yo gabba gabba ! the soundtrack for	yo gabba gabba !
what is a color of city college of new york	city college of new york
what is the leg band size of a blue jay	blue jay
which artist recorded cherry red / baby look at you	cherry red / baby look at you
menthol is a key ingredient in what topical solution ?	menthol
where in england was the birthplace of rachel mclean ?	rachel mclean
what kind of music did melanie is demented make ?	melanie is demented
what kind of film is honeydripper listed in netflix ?	honeydripper
who released the track : so long to broadway ?	so long to broadway
who is joseph p. kennedy , sr. 's son ?	joseph p. kennedy , sr.
what kind of prose is last of the american girls	last of the american girls
what tracks are on berlin-chicago express , volume 1 ?	berlin-chicago express , volume 1
who was the producer of the release the war report	the war report
what is the essential roy orbison 's album content type	the essential roy orbison
who directed the movie the king & the commissioner ?	the king & the commissioner
what is the format of the release urban soundscapes ?	urban soundscapes
what kind of film is the turn of the screw	the turn of the screw
what type of film is a king in new york	a king in new york
which structure was designed by charles bulfinch in 1882 ?	charles bulfinch
what netflix genre is the film a time to revenge	a time to revenge
what musician died as the result of a car accident	car accident
what book is on the subject of the ball game	ball game
what kind of game is vision racing driving simulator ?	vision racing driving simulator
what was jane elizabeth faulding 's cause of death ?	jane elizabeth faulding
which artist composed by the time we got to woodstock	by the time we got to woodstock
what artist is known for making a cappella music ?	a cappella
which film did h. scott salinas contribute music to ?	h. scott salinas
what 's one of the modes in guitar hero ii	guitar hero ii
what is the subject of the film dangerous moves ?	dangerous moves
what form of music is money ca n't buy it	money ca n't buy it
what music key is minuet in a major in ?	minuet in a major
what is the color of the buspar 15 tablet ?	buspar 15 tablet
what kind of film is the isle of sunken gold	isle of sunken gold
which company produced looking for comedy in the muslim world	looking for comedy in the muslim world
what is a piece of art by wayne thiebaud ?	wayne thiebaud
is the baseball player doug fister right or left-handed ?	doug fister
what sport does len oliver serve as a referee for	len oliver
what is the title of a track by barry brown	barry brown
which mountain is partially contained in australian capital territory ?	australian capital territory
what is the record label of the winter songs album	winter songs
where was sir james fergusson , 6th baronet born ?	sir james fergusson , 6th baronet
who is the artist of the recording one fine day	one fine day
when did rugby union stop being an olympic sport ?	rugby union
what 's the name of a famous skyscraper in france	france
who released the album big guns the very best of	big guns the very best of
what military personnel was involved in the battle of shiloh	battle of shiloh
what kind of biography is the book six wives cd	six wives cd
who is a member of the international desktop grid federation	international desktop grid federation
name an event that took place in the united states	united states
who is an artist on the we die young album	we die young
what 's a greatest hits collection featuring the the marvelettes	the marvelettes
name a song that credits tom cochrane as a producer	tom cochrane
what tv show has the soundtrack babylon 5 : walkabout	babylon 5 : walkabout
where are the air force falcons men 's basketball from	air force falcons men 's basketball
whats the title of a track from the release cinérama	cinérama
what is the name of a 1993 35 mm film	35 mm film
who is a fictional character whose occupation was a physician	physician
what album is classified under the dance-pop musical genre ?	dance-pop
what track did david briggs ( producer ) produce ?	david briggs
what type of school is the david thompson secondary school	david thompson secondary school
what genre is peerview cme/ce video podcast - oncology considered	peerview cme/ce video podcast - oncology
who is the flemish belgian composer that recorded augustus ?	augustus
what is an indie rock album released in 2009 ?	indie rock
what 's an adventure game adapted from a comic book	adventure game
what is a release from the recording new orleans ?	new orleans
name a track in the album leftover blues 1991-2003 ?	leftover blues 1991-2003
where did the 52nd regiment kentucky volunteer mounted infantry originate	52nd regiment kentucky volunteer mounted infantry
what ; s an example of a pop music artist	pop music
who made the music for buffalo soldiers ( film )	buffalo soldiers
what is a song off the cd btl btl ?	btl btl
who is the subject of the tv episode bobby darin	bobby darin
what kind of book is upon some midnights clear ?	upon some midnights clear
who did the music for deep in my heart ?	deep in my heart
what is 6456 golombek 's near earth object classification ?	6456 golombek
what is the primary color of hanoi university of technology	hanoi university of technology
what kind of music does sandy leah lima sing ?	sandy leah lima
what is the netflix genre of bless the child ?	bless the child
what language was the devil 's labyrinth written in ?	the devil 's labyrinth
what city is in the north american central time zone	central time zone
which type of film was down by love shot in	down by love
who was a general involved in the battle of gettysburg	battle of gettysburg
what is the title of a japanese language netflix title	japanese language
what kind of music is the album the bqe ?	the bqe
what company made bakushou ! ! jinsei gekijou 2 ?	bakushou ! ! jinsei gekijou 2
what artist is on the record label matador records ?	matador records
what song is featured on street villains , volume 2	street villains , volume 2
name a track from the fast and the furious .	the fast and the furious
what country was the kiss in the tunnel filmed in	the kiss in the tunnel
what 's song is a part of the beatles collection	the beatles collection
what is the name of an electronic dance music album	electronic dance music
what kind of film is another part of the forest	another part of the forest
which city did frances harriet whipple green mcdougall die in	frances harriet whipple green mcdougall
what is a planetary system of the solar system ?	solar system
blackout is an example of what genre of music ?	blackout
where does viterbi school of engineering , west wall appear	viterbi school of engineering , west wall
which city in the usa is lawrence joseph henderson from	lawrence joseph henderson
what country is the film desert of fire from ?	desert of fire
what is the label of the artist keith west ?	keith west
what was an away game of the buffalo bills ?	buffalo bills
what artist recorded the album live at the black sheep	live at the black sheep
what style of film is the poof point in ?	the poof point
what school is a type of public high school ?	public high school
what type of vehicle is oc transpo route 402 ?	oc transpo route 402
what 's the original version of down in the valley	down in the valley
who was the paul g. allen family foundation named after	paul g. allen family foundation
what is the active ingredient in clonazepam 1 tablet ?	clonazepam 1 tablet
what is the musical key for symphony no. 1 ?	symphony no. 1
who is the casting director of the almost heroes movie	almost heroes
what was the book figures of several centuries written about	figures of several centuries
what kind of film is stepping razor : red x	stepping razor : red x
in what format was pink floyd en bossa nova released	pink floyd en bossa nova
what is a recording of the song pablo picasso ?	pablo picasso
what is the name of an episode of intimate portrait	intimate portrait
what school is part of the saint leo university campus	saint leo university
shock the monkey is this type of musical content .	shock the monkey
name a rap rock album produced by linkin park .	rap rock
who is an entity that was involved in roman–parthian wars	roman–parthian wars
who is an artist of radioio 80s new wave ?	radioio 80s new wave
what type of educational institution is university of geneva ?	university of geneva
what kind of music does klaus nomi play in ?	klaus nomi
what is the talking from 9 to 5 book about	talking from 9 to 5
what edition does the book queen of angels belong to	queen of angels
what language was hold that lion ! filmed in ?	hold that lion !
what is the genre of the tv program tatort batu	tatort batu
what color is a levetiracetam 1000 film coated tablet ?	levetiracetam 1000 film coated tablet
what type of event was the early fires of london	early fires of london
what size is the 1st battalion , georgia cavalry ?	1st battalion , georgia cavalry
who created the artwork untitled ( new york ) ?	untitled ( new york )
what season did the tv series episode bangkok come from	bangkok
what is the name of a indian carnatic music singer	carnatic music
who was the executive producer of the number 23 ?	the number 23
with what member airline does skyteam have an alliance ?	skyteam
what kind of release is david gilmour in concert ?	david gilmour in concert
which state is pike county joint vocational school district located	pike county joint vocational school district
which type of game is fim speedway grand prix 3	fim speedway grand prix 3
what kind of book is the christmas marriage mission ?	the christmas marriage mission
what sort of music is featured on echo the moon	echo the moon
which eastern european language was the bet filmed in ?	the bet
what type of university is kalaivani college of technology ?	kalaivani college of technology
what track was recorded by bix beiderbecke and his gang	bix beiderbecke and his gang
name the release track on the musical recording birmingham .	birmingham
which observatory was ( 10056 ) 1988 bx3 discovered at	( 10056 ) 1988 bx3
in what area does the the brampton guardian newspaper circulate	the brampton guardian
what is an ingredient in the dish hainanese chicken rice	hainanese chicken rice
what is the name of an album by marathon ?	marathon
what type of release is the adventures of robin hood	the adventures of robin hood
which album is peter green 's fleetwood mac associated with	fleetwood mac
in what netflix genre is the title muthi uchero manas	muthi uchero manas
what is the main component of cephalexin 250 soluable tablet	cephalexin 250 soluable tablet
who was one of the founders of the avex group	avex group
what type of music is played by the evereve band	evereve
what style of music does the prime movers record ?	the prime movers
what is the name of one of nico 's songs	nico
which country is the film de zwarte ruiter from ?	de zwarte ruiter
which artist created the album here are the young moderns	here are the young moderns
which country is the juan gualberto gómez airport located in	juan gualberto gómez airport
what is the language used in the film motivational growth	motivational growth
who was the ruler of moldavia from 1457 and 1504	moldavia
titanium dioxide is the active ingredient in what medicine ?	titanium dioxide
what recording was released on the track whatever it takes	whatever it takes
bill groom did production design for this acclaimed film .	bill groom
who was the author editor for the book nevada ?	nevada
what kind of album is sign 'o ' the times	sign 'o ' the times
which martial art sport does elvis yero play in ?	elvis yero
which rock band released crucial music : the clash collection	crucial music : the clash collection
what language is the film the new barbarians in ?	the new barbarians
what is the name of a notable progressive rock album	progressive rock
what is the active ingredient of the drug dofetilide ?	dofetilide
what format is keeping the legend alive released in ?	keeping the legend alive
who is someone suffering from chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ?	chronic obstructive pulmonary disease
what film genre is the leaves of a cypress ?	the leaves of a cypress
who was oliver wendell holmes high school named after ?	oliver wendell holmes high school
what is the name of a town located in texas	texas
what country is presbyterian ladies ' college , melbourne located	presbyterian ladies ' college , melbourne
name a fiction genre book written by kate elliott ?	fiction
what is a book that is about the 20th century	20th century
what is the name of the book edition of mars	mars
what is john mclaughlin ( host ) well known for	john mclaughlin
what is the format of the release forge the steel	forge the steel
what is an edition of the book bill gates ?	bill gates
was yasunari kawabata 's death a suicide or homicide ?	yasunari kawabata
which language is pachhi kehta nahi ke kahyun nahotu in	pachhi kehta nahi ke kahyun nahotu
what 's a bar ( establishment ) in atlanta ?	bar
what is the occupation of the fictional character ross geller	ross geller
what is jesus christ known for doing during his lifetime	jesus christ
which war did the battle of princeton take place ?	battle of princeton
what song did ringo starr write the lyrics to ?	ringo starr
what language is the callahans and the murphys in ?	the callahans and the murphys
what type of film is the man from the deep	the man from the deep
which type of music is jason walker known for ?	jason walker
which films did oliver nelson provide the music for ?	oliver nelson
which ideology does the communist party of brazil follow ?	communist party of brazil
what type of music is perform by jessica ellen cornish	jessica ellen cornish
who did the music for lage raho munna bhai ?	lage raho munna bhai
what musical genre is the art of being a girl	the art of being a girl
what types of game is otogi : myth of demons	otogi : myth of demons
what is one of penn high school 's colors ?	penn high school
what track was performed by john abercrombie ( guitarist )	john abercrombie
what does mohammad ali sajjadi do to make a living	mohammad ali sajjadi
what is the genre of the book between lovers ?	between lovers
what is an exhibition created about the subject of discrimination	discrimination
which languages is the film because why spoken in ?	because why
what time zone is dauphin county , pennsylvania located ?	dauphin county , pennsylvania
what type of film is fish out of water ?	fish out of water
in which country is the coastal city of oda located	oda
what is an album that was released by world party	world party
what is the religion max horkheimer associates himself as ?	max horkheimer
who created the comic book the sandman ( vertigo )	the sandman
what is an indie film found in the netflix genre	indie film
how was the threepenny opera ( die dreigroschenoper ) released	the threepenny opera ( die dreigroschenoper )
what type of film is amor se dice cantando ?	amor se dice cantando
which singer has native americans in the united states ethnicity	native americans in the united states
what is the genre of the film scream for help	scream for help
which 1999 release contains the track o holy night ?	o holy night
what is the genre of the film the harvey girls	the harvey girls
name a location contained in peoria county , illinois .	peoria county
which subgenre of music is juan van emmerloot associated with	juan van emmerloot
what company published metal combat : falcon 's revenge ?	metal combat : falcon 's revenge
what is the name of an album from nikolaus harnoncourt	nikolaus harnoncourt
what is the computer video game genre of dynamite cop	dynamite cop
what is a work whose subject is lana turner ?	lana turner
what 's a main belt asteroid within the solar system	solar system
what is a track featured on the recording the blob	the blob
where is shove it up my ... originally from ?	shove it up my ...
in what conflict did john stuart williams participate in ?	john stuart williams
what is the topic of the book george harrison ?	george harrison
what types of book is a voice in the wind	a voice in the wind
what medium was mourir pour des idées released on ?	mourir pour des idées
what is the name of a public service announcement ?	public service announcement
who was awarded immunity in the survivor episode exile island	exile island
who wrote the story for the film safety last !	safety last !
what kind of tv show is i am a singer	i am a singer
whats the name of book on the subject of criminology	criminology
what type of album content is sings for america ?	sings for america
who is the governing body of pipe spring national monument	pipe spring national monument
who is a character from the play life of galileo	life of galileo
name a cvg game that falls under the horror genre	horror
which hand does hockey player fabian brunnström shoots with ?	fabian brunnström
what gameplay mode does dance dance revolution supernova 2 have	dance dance revolution supernova 2
which scottish cuisine cheese is a sheep milk cheese ?	scottish cuisine
what is an example of a folk rock album ?	folk rock
under what title did netflix label the film hostel ?	hostel
what is an album that was done by impaled nazarene	impaled nazarene
what body of water can be found in county cavan	county cavan
what is the profession that david bendeth is known for	david bendeth
where was the movie invocation of my demon brother released	invocation of my demon brother
what album is the title track little red rooster from	little red rooster
what films did ed arenas direct the casting for ?	ed arenas
what film genre is musaa : the most wanted ?	musaa : the most wanted
what label does jethro tull ( band ) record under	jethro tull
what 's a building designed in queen anne style architecture	queen anne
grape is the release track from what body of music	grape
in which language is the second to die film spoken	second to die
what is the genre of the film don bosco ?	don bosco
what 's the name of the pixie 's live album	live album
name a website dealing with the topic of civil liberties	civil liberties
what is the name of a city in new york	new york
whats a name of a city found in washington county	washington county
what island group is madeline island a part of ?	madeline island
what type of music is of wars in osyrhia ?	of wars in osyrhia
what language is utilized in the film son of frankenstein	son of frankenstein
which country is manila adventist medical center and colleges in	manila adventist medical center and colleges
who wrote the book the girl with the golden shoes	the girl with the golden shoes
who is the artist on fugs 4 , rounders score	fugs 4 , rounders score
which track was in the release reggae ... for lovers	reggae ... for lovers
what type of book is the poisoner of ptah ?	the poisoner of ptah
what language is spoken in the year of the mouse	the year of the mouse
what genre of program is the jenny mccarthy show ?	the jenny mccarthy show
what genre is the tv program happy birthday , garfield	happy birthday , garfield
what country is classic albums : the band from ?	classic albums : the band
which country was in the name of love released in	in the name of love
what is a variant model of the junkers ju 88	junkers ju 88
what was the cause of death of jack ingram ?	jack ingram
the content of this album is a remix album .	remix album
where was felipe enrique neri , baron de bastrop born	felipe enrique neri , baron de bastrop
what is the place of birth of thomas peterffy ?	thomas peterffy
which subject is the book the wonder of boys ?	the wonder of boys
what 's one of the topics in the apron book	the apron book
what is a track off the pre-apocalyptic love song album	pre-apocalyptic love song
what is the name of a city in sherburne county	sherburne county
what type of film is cabin fever ( film )	cabin fever
name a norwegian military officer involved in world war ii	world war ii
what is the netflix genre for un brillante propósito ?	un brillante propósito
which are the short stories that kurt vonnegut wrote ?	kurt vonnegut
what 's a competition that carina beduschi took place in	carina beduschi
name a female character in the film diamonds are forever	female
what kind of art is shown in the street pavers	the street pavers
who edited the film the silence of the lambs ?	the silence of the lambs
what district is hopewell avenue public school a part of	hopewell avenue public school
jerry bruckheimer was the producer of this biographical film .	jerry bruckheimer
what country was let your body take over released in	let your body take over
what kind of music does the band cachorro grande make	cachorro grande
what types of movie is the creation of the humanoids	the creation of the humanoids
what was the release for the release track wake ?	wake
what films were shown at 2013 cinequest film festival ?	2013 cinequest film festival
what is an entity involved in siege of aleppo ?	siege of aleppo
what type of film is in the name of god	in the name of god
this album by chimaira is an example of deathcore .	deathcore
which kingdom did afonso iii of portugal reign over ?	afonso iii of portugal
what type of school is uckfield community technology college ?	uckfield community technology college
what type of music does dys ( band ) play	dys
which language is this hour has 22 minutes filmed in	this hour has 22 minutes
what 's a good description of the movie dark harvest	dark harvest
what 's a compilation album focusing on the band l7	compilation album
what genre was the film king , queen , knave	king , queen , knave
what track was released on to hear the angels sing	to hear the angels sing
who was a notable person that was born in romania	romania
what company signed the band that released the album baby	baby
what genre of music does muck and the mires play	muck and the mires
what is the topic of the execution of major andre	the execution of major andre
an existing better world is classified by what genre ?	an existing better world
who is a chess grandmaster that was born in wellington	wellington
what property is gender neutral public restroom in san francisco	gender neutral public restroom in san francisco
what 's one of the songs from the release edgar	edgar
what is the birth place of o. e. middleton ?	o. e. middleton
which language do the actors in one man up speak	one man up
what is the language of the adventures of tintin ?	the adventures of tintin
where was retrospect 94-96 ( the early years ) released	retrospect 94-96 ( the early years )
what 's a song that sonata arctica wrote and perfroms	sonata arctica
what is a city located in tuscarawas county , ohio	tuscarawas county
where is the school fullen school of hair design located	fullen school of hair design
who is the designer of the hansel and gretel film	hansel and gretel
what is a film that was written by takao koyama	takao koyama
how would the majority of people describe g. w. reynolds	g. w. reynolds
which eastern european language is eugène onéguine spoken in ?	eugène onéguine
what sort of music is recorded on learning to flinch	learning to flinch
what films was edith head a costume designer for ?	edith head
who was the art director for platoon ( film )	platoon
what is a song by the artist kristian stanfill ?	kristian stanfill
what form was tear your love apart released in ?	tear your love apart
how can metaproterenol sulfate 0.65 metered aerosol enter the body	metaproterenol sulfate 0.65 metered aerosol
catherine martin is the costume designer for what musical ?	catherine martin
which artist participated in the music album pirates of penzance	pirates of penzance
what type of album is down for the count ?	down for the count
what physical format was mission : impossible iii released in	mission : impossible iii
how was gala city sounds : new york smooth released	gala city sounds : new york smooth
what genre was the musical album solid gold 68 .	solid gold 68
who was the author of catch me if you can	catch me if you can
what language is spoken in plenty ( film ) ?	plenty
what country is the endless tedium of capitalism from ?	the endless tedium of capitalism
where was the theater production of the island performed ?	the island
congo was recorded as a part of what release ?	congo
what type of animal is nova scotia duck tolling retriever	nova scotia duck tolling retriever
what is the name of haile selassie 's parent ?	haile selassie
who is a notable person that was born in patrica	patrica
whats the spoken language in the patient in room 18	the patient in room 18
what kind of animal is a pioneerof the nile ?	pioneerof the nile
what is a pest insect similar to the aphid group	aphid
what is an alternative country album by bright eyes ?	alternative country
what is a campus of the steinbach bible college ?	steinbach bible college
who is the composer of the song hyperactive ! ?	hyperactive !
who is the artist that recorded love and honor ?	love and honor
which major global war did william h. wilbur participate in	william h. wilbur
what is a location in the eastern daylight time zone	eastern daylight time
what secondary college is located in victoria ( australia )	victoria
what type of animal breed is a karakachan dog ?	karakachan
which label is the artist wendy and lisa signed to	wendy and lisa
what is a commune in the central european time zone	central european time zone
what was the place of death of merwin k. hart	merwin k. hart
what type of artwork did justin michael jenkins produce ?	justin michael jenkins
what type of art for is adrian kleinbergen known for	adrian kleinbergen
what genre is judith and her maidservant a painting of	judith and her maidservant
who was the director of the legend of drunken master	the legend of drunken master
is the sex of richard leveridge male or female ?	richard leveridge
which genre of book is the wheels of chance ?	the wheels of chance
what sort of book is size 12 is not fat	size 12 is not fat
in what genre does the musician the juan maclean perform	the juan maclean
in which film did music contributor peter matz work on	peter matz
who recorded the song believe ( live acoustic kndd )	believe ( live acoustic kndd )
what type of museum is the world museum liverpool ?	world museum liverpool
what is a city and capital of la matanza partido	la matanza partido
who is an artist signed to sony music entertainment ?	sony music entertainment
what kind of genre is whiskey for the holy ghost	whiskey for the holy ghost
who is the music by in destruction , inc. ?	destruction , inc.
this country is the home nation of han niu .	han niu
who is a football player that plays as a defender	defender
what is the active moiety of formulation for phosphoric acid	phosphoric acid
what country is the film grande hotel originally from ?	grande hotel
what sector is the sea shepherd conservation society involved in	sea shepherd conservation society
what is the medical specialty of the asian heart institute	asian heart institute
what camera is compatible with a secure digital card ?	secure digital card
what is the color of the ibuprofen childrens 100 suspension	ibuprofen childrens 100 suspension
who wrote the lyrics for if you leave me now	if you leave me now
who 's a general involved in the battle of baku	battle of baku
what is the nationality of giritli ali aziz efendi ?	giritli ali aziz efendi
what type of composition is take down the union jack	take down the union jack
what religion does arthur lawley , 6th baron wenlock practice	arthur lawley , 6th baron wenlock
what is the binding on little women : book i	little women : book i
who created the music for the film the magnificent two	the magnificent two
what pharmaceutical company makes bayer am extra stength 500/65 tablet	bayer am extra stength 500/65 tablet
what kind of tv show is courage the cowardly dog	courage the cowardly dog
what is a game issued by the brøderbund software developer	brøderbund software
what ancient kingdom did the battle of suthul take place	battle of suthul
which composition is in the form of a song ?	song
which war did the first battle of independence take place	first battle of independence
an individual named abdul rahman al-sudais was born where ?	abdul rahman al-sudais
which state on the easetern seaboard is wormwood hill in	wormwood hill
what is the title of a mexico netflix film ?	mexico
who was on revealed with jules asner - season 3	revealed with jules asner - season 3
what 's a town that 's on prince edward island	prince edward island
who was the artist for homesick for the road ?	homesick for the road
what production company produced the miracle of morgan 's creek	the miracle of morgan 's creek
what is the nationality of alvin 'youngblood ' hart ?	alvin 'youngblood ' hart
where in europe was future trance , volume 39 released	future trance , volume 39
what is the subject of the written work emergence ?	emergence
what fish can be found in the toledo bend reservoir	toledo bend reservoir
what artist is on the album good girls go bad	good girls go bad
what book was written by the author edgar allan poe	edgar allan poe
what is a market town in the united kingdom ?	united kingdom
who was the developer for the game mojo ! ?	mojo !
what kind of series is here comes peter cottontail ?	here comes peter cottontail
what category does mouse epithelium 0.1 injectable solution belong to	mouse epithelium 0.1 injectable solution
what 's one of the books written by rick atkinson	rick atkinson
what type of fighting technique does jesús kiki rojas perform	jesús kiki rojas
name a histamine used to treat a duodenal ulcer .	duodenal ulcer
what genre of music is van der graaf generator ?	van der graaf generator
what game console is super punch-out ! ! played on	super punch-out ! !
which song did tom waits wrote the lyrics for ?	tom waits
which musician released wonderful town ( 2003 broadway cast )	wonderful town ( 2003 broadway cast )
what kind of film is wake up and get healthy	wake up and get healthy
which album was done by city of birmingham symphony orchestra	city of birmingham symphony orchestra
what subject does the lady takes a flyer explore ?	the lady takes a flyer
what film was paul robb the musical contributor for ?	paul robb
what city and state is centurylink arena boise located in	centurylink arena
what netflix genre is the company you keep in ?	the company you keep
what 's a book published by doubleday ( publisher )	doubleday
who does the radio station kids stuff belong to ?	kids stuff
which conflict did the 6th louisiana infantry regiment participate in	6th louisiana infantry regiment
what type of school is rancho san joaquin middle school	rancho san joaquin middle school
what country is sex in dangerous places filmed in ?	sex in dangerous places
this man is the father of brion leonard ford .	brion leonard ford
who is the artist that made the recording bp ?	bp
what language is spoken in the film pyar ka devta	pyar ka devta
what type of music does rodan ( band ) play	rodan
what genre of music is beyond the valley ... ?	beyond the valley ...
which military personnel was involved in the american civil war	american civil war
what is the the sicilian girl 's country of origin	the sicilian girl
what kind of netflix movie is stomp out loud ?	stomp out loud
which profession in sports is adolph bachmeier known for ?	adolph bachmeier
what is the genre of the album the anatomy of	the anatomy of
where in austrailia is municipality of kiama the located in	municipality of kiama
what is the main country of the sila language ?	sila language
what are songs of the songs from the south album	songs from the south
which film was john ralph the film art director for	john ralph
which languages were spoken in the film picture bride ?	picture bride
what is a restaurant with southern united states food ?	southern united states food
what is an edition of the book tao te ching	tao te ching
what type of album is itunes live from soho ?	itunes live from soho
what region in the southern part of guinea contains macenta	macenta
what kind of music does wheels on fire make ?	wheels on fire
what is tristeza 's album that starts with an s	tristeza
who directed the tv episode say goodnight , gracie ?	say goodnight , gracie
what is the body of water where kharimkotan is located	kharimkotan
which language is the opening of misty beethoven in ?	the opening of misty beethoven
what is a brief history of ambient , volume 1	a brief history of ambient , volume 1
where was rnb superclub , volume 8 released in ?	rnb superclub , volume 8
which film was an adaptation of the book lolita ?	lolita
what is the legal status of the drug brompheniramine/pseudoephedrine/dextromethorphan ?	brompheniramine/pseudoephedrine/dextromethorphan
what are the offical school colors of rudder middle school	rudder middle school
who is the author of the moon of gomrath ?	the moon of gomrath
what american radio host was born in los angeles ?	los angeles
which indie rock artists are from sydney , australia ?	indie rock
what is a track on the recording good night ?	good night
is best of gipsy kings a studio or compilation album	best of gipsy kings
which city in georgia was the movie hillbilly highway filmed	hillbilly highway
what is bruce mcdonald ( film director ) 's nationality	bruce mcdonald
list a film in the celtic music category on netflix	celtic music
where in canada is cameron heights collegiate institute located ?	cameron heights collegiate institute
which nation filmed what ever happened to baby jane ?	what ever happened to baby jane ?
what type of music is played on en primera fila	en primera fila
who is the artist of the album glenn frey live	glenn frey live
what film is a thriller ( genre ) movie ?	thriller
what 's an example of a bollywood film on netflix	bollywood
what language is in the language family polynesian languages ?	polynesian languages
what 's a game that konami published for the wii	wii
what label is mickey finn ( musician ) signed to	mickey finn
what project did pei cobb freed & partners work on	pei cobb freed & partners
triplicane can be found in which district in india ?	triplicane
what types of movie is played by the cinematic orchestra	the cinematic orchestra
what genre of music does jet ( band ) play	jet
what country was discovery atlas : brazil revealed shot in	discovery atlas : brazil revealed
who is an author of the book angle of repose	angle of repose
who is a character from the sorrows of young werther	the sorrows of young werther
what is the cvg genre of guitar hero mobile series	guitar hero mobile series
in which county in michigan is the village posen located	posen
which country manufactured leader aller ease 180 film coated tablet	leader aller ease 180 film coated tablet
what is the subject of the book max weber ?	max weber
what is an active ingredient in ciclopirox 7.7 gel ?	ciclopirox 7.7 gel
what is the release format of the war of art	the war of art
what is a fiction book in the literary genre ?	fiction
who designed the film production of juno ( film )	juno
what 's the lowest grade in paloma valley high school	paloma valley high school
what language do the characters use in a beautiful death	a beautiful death
which dog breeds has the coat color black brindle ?	black brindle
what was the original language of the film anniversary trouble	anniversary trouble
what is the title of a book related to liberalism	liberalism
what type of film is `` atomic artist '' ?	atomic artist
what label does artist common ( rapper ) record under	common
who is the architect for prentice women 's hospital building	prentice women 's hospital building
whats a year the montreal world film festival was held	montreal world film festival
what compilation album did olivia newton-john release in 1998 ?	olivia newton-john
what is the language of the composition shot shot ?	shot shot
what kind of topic does the auction wally show cover	the auction wally show
what is a more specific award in the fiction category	fiction
who is the label associated with the artist robert schneider	robert schneider
what songs have josè alvarez-brill produced in his career ?	josè alvarez-brill
which rock music album was released on rca victor ?	rock music
what position does saffet sancaklı play at in soccer ?	saffet sancaklı
what color is the drug ambien 10 film coated tablet	ambien 10 film coated tablet
where is the place of death of aleksei konsovsky ?	aleksei konsovsky
what war was the siege of astorga a part of	siege of astorga
who 's a baseball player born in omaha , nebraska	omaha , nebraska
what topic is the book deception on his mind about	deception on his mind
which supernatural film did jerry goldsmith contribute music for ?	jerry goldsmith
which language is phool khile hain gulshan gulshan spoken in	phool khile hain gulshan gulshan
what platform is spongebob squarepants : supersponge played on ?	spongebob squarepants : supersponge
what position did former soccer player pavel kuka play ?	pavel kuka
which company created the star wars : jedi reading game	star wars : jedi reading
name an irish blues rock bass guitarist born in belfast	belfast
is show me the place a song or a movie	show me the place
being a immunocompromised host can lead to what disease ?	immunocompromised host
in which genre could the movie the sight be found	the sight
what genre of music does hoodie allen play in ?	hoodie allen
what genre is agnes and his brothers on netflix ?	agnes and his brothers
what city is located in talladega county , alabama ?	talladega county
which type of composition is loneliness is eating me alive	loneliness is eating me alive
who is the creator of the walking with thoreau book	walking with thoreau
where is white island , county fermanagh located at ?	white island , county fermanagh
what kind of work was contain in book , spain	spain
who is the father of chris wallace ( journalist )	chris wallace
who was granville leveson-gower , 2nd earl granville 's father	granville leveson-gower , 2nd earl granville
life with the lyons is what kind of tv program	life with the lyons
who wrote the lyrics for how you sleep at night	how you sleep at night
who is the lyricist from the compostion river of dreams	river of dreams
what track list was the war of art released from	the war of art
what city was ferenc sas 's place of birth ?	ferenc sas
what was a school color of south garland high school	south garland high school
what is an erotic book by bogza displaying surrealism ?	surrealism
what is the title of a netflix psychological thriller ?	psychological thriller
what is the mascot of colleyville heritage high school ?	colleyville heritage high school
what position did former american football gary weaver play ?	gary weaver
which country was involved in battle of zapote river ?	battle of zapote river
how is poison in the mix , volume 2 formated	poison in the mix , volume 2
what is the place of origin of 126th pennsylvania infantry	126th pennsylvania infantry
what type of music is the album absolution tour ?	absolution tour
what is the name of an album by soulja boy	soulja boy
what was the primary release for the album idolator called	idolator
what kind of school is lincoln-sudbury regional high school ?	lincoln-sudbury regional high school
what 's a song released on live at the bbc	live at the bbc
name a written work from the author russell hoban .	russell hoban
what was the first tv appearance of the character sylar	sylar
what kind of music does the artist ronnie laws produce	ronnie laws
where in the united states was stephen greenleaf born ?	stephen greenleaf
which artist made the album the makem & clancy concert	the makem & clancy concert
in what time zone is crystal lake recreation area ?	crystal lake recreation area
what netflix genre does tomie : revenge fall under ?	tomie : revenge
what person has the profession of a film producer ?	film producer
where did the battle of north anna take place ?	battle of north anna
which film was theo mackeben the musical contributor for ?	theo mackeben
what form of art is boy bitten by a lizard	boy bitten by a lizard
what major cities does new hampshire route 28 run through	new hampshire route 28
what is the school district of penn high school ?	penn high school
what is the shape of herbon glacial mint 7.35/10/6 lozenge	herbon glacial mint 7.35/10/6 lozenge
what is the legal status of aluminum zirconium trichlorohydrex gly	aluminum zirconium trichlorohydrex gly
what language is three russian songs , op. 41 in	three russian songs , op. 41
what is a company that was advised by esther dyson	esther dyson
what is a movie title that is an action film	action film
which release is the track die in your arms from	die in your arms
whose content is ipartyradio.com : the # 1 party authority	ipartyradio.com : the # 1 party authority
whats the name of one of alka yagnik 's song	alka yagnik
where did continental airlines flight 12 take off from ?	continental airlines flight 12
what reggae singer and producer is promoted by rounder records	rounder records
where did the irish war of independence take place ?	irish war of independence
what is the name of jack dejohnrette 's album ?	album
what kind of film is hannah takes the stairs ?	hannah takes the stairs
is the grohmann museum an art gallery or science museum	grohmann museum
what kind of film is the price of victory ?	the price of victory
in which country was the recording of mr beast filmed	the recording of mr beast
where did the 1922 british mount everest expedition take place	1922 british mount everest expedition
what is the title of a netflix musical film ?	musical
from what town in south west england is nick hewer	nick hewer
what instrument does bob drake know how to play ?	bob drake
what is the active drug ingredient in common daisy ?	common daisy
what was the lyricist for going thru the motions ?	going thru the motions
what is the format in which rainbow was released ?	rainbow
what is the main subject of the film airplane !	airplane !
where is the location of miami lakes educational center ?	miami lakes educational center
what is a 1970 's western ( genre ) show	western
what are some examples of a gothic architecture church ?	gothic architecture
what is the name of a professional basketball player ?	basketball player
what is the active ingredient in octinoxate 81.64 lotion ?	octinoxate 81.64 lotion
what episode can be found in cosby - season 1	cosby - season 1
what is the name of a composition by billy ocean	billy ocean
who is the author for the written work thanksgiving cd	thanksgiving cd
what is drew fickett most known for in sports ?	drew fickett
name a military personnel involved in the vietnam war .	vietnam war
which former mayor of minden was born in batesville ?	batesville
what east asian language is spoken in love message ?	love message
what is an album in the hard rock genre ?	hard rock
what track is from the release one million things ?	one million things
name a track recorded by the incredible string band .	the incredible string band
who is the artist of the album the bbc sessions	the bbc sessions
who is an artist under the label maverick records ?	maverick records
what type of establishment is the general mitchell international airport	general mitchell international airport
what was a famous battle in the maccabean revolt ?	maccabean revolt
what is a post-punk album by and also the trees	post-punk
what track is represented by the recording of sri lanka	sri lanka
what is the genre of music the danny bourgeois creates	danny bourgeois
what kind of music does lil ' scrappy make ?	lil ' scrappy
where in the world did kurt eichhorn 's life begin	kurt eichhorn
what sort of movie is the art of being straight	the art of being straight
what genre is the tv program kids are people too	kids are people too
south butler is a city in which northern state ?	south butler
the september issue was produced in what film format ?	the september issue
what are the colors for the christian academy of louisville	christian academy of louisville
body puzzle is considered a part of what genre ?	body puzzle
what was the cause of marie mcdonald 's death ?	marie mcdonald
what country was confessions of a window cleaner shot in	confessions of a window cleaner
what kind of book is a house like a lotus	a house like a lotus
what is the genre of the movie cousin wilbur ?	cousin wilbur
what is a position that muhamad kaironnisam sahabudin hussain plays	muhamad kaironnisam sahabudin hussain
whats the original title of the book edition elizabeth taylor	elizabeth taylor
what is the genre of the netflix show wagah ?	wagah
what is an album created by the artist sammy fain	sammy fain
what language is spoken in the film khoon ki pukaar	khoon ki pukaar
what is the name of a horror title on netflix	horror
what film genre is johnny thunders : what about me	johnny thunders : what about me
what is the color of aviane 28 day 0.1/0.02 kit	aviane 28 day 0.1/0.02 kit
what asteroid was discovered in solar system in 1998 ?	solar system
in what language is the show north and south in	north and south
what 's a piece of music written by jacques dutronc	jacques dutronc
who designed the film production for the film american wedding	american wedding
who is a bollywood actor who belongs to pakistani people	pakistani people
what radio station plays music from alvin youngblood hart ?	alvin youngblood hart
eddie vedder is the composer of what musical composition ?	eddie vedder
what is an edition of parable of the talents ?	parable of the talents
what format was anarchy online original soundtrack released on ?	anarchy online original soundtrack
what kind of music does aqua ( band ) play	aqua
in what star system is the body 2960 ohtaki found	2960 ohtaki
which position in football does christian backs play as ?	christian backs
which event included the chickamauga wars ( 1776–1794 ) ?	chickamauga wars
what is a release on the release track babylon ?	babylon
who recorded bad boy 's been around the world remix	bad boy 's been around the world remix
what kind of video game is bandits : phoenix rising	bandits : phoenix rising
what a subject touched on by ghosts of the titanic	ghosts of the titanic
what music genre does the continuum hypothesis fall under ?	the continuum hypothesis
what content of music is jermaine jackson known for ?	jermaine jackson
what kind of tv genre was the program k.o. beast	k.o. beast
what type of film is cruise of the jasper b	cruise of the jasper b
what release type was the very best of ray price	the very best of ray price
what is the title of a comedy-drama tv program ?	comedy-drama
who 's a city planner born in burgdorf , switzerland	burgdorf , switzerland
in what county within the u.s. is wooton located ?	wooton
which genre in netflix is the inmate titled under ?	the inmate
what is a radio station known for its classical music	classical music
where did william wilson `` buffalo bill '' quinn die	william wilson `` buffalo bill '' quinn
what is brothers in arms ' language filmed in ?	brothers in arms
what the category for ( 8107 ) 1995 br4 ?	( 8107 ) 1995 br4
which event in 2003 was held at the millennium stadium	millennium stadium
what form does maprotiline hydrochloride 75 tablet come in ?	maprotiline hydrochloride 75 tablet
which city was r. t. layton in when they died	r. t. layton
what is the active ingredient in promethazine hydrochloride 50 injection	promethazine hydrochloride 50 injection
what kind of film is thank you for smoking ?	thank you for smoking
what kind of album is fact mix 213 : creep	fact mix 213 : creep
what is one of muhammad 's children 's names ?	muhammad
where is librium 25 gelatin coated capsule available at ?	librium 25 gelatin coated capsule
who are the children of the fictional character ben horne	ben horne
which historical conflict did milledge luke bonham participate in ?	milledge luke bonham
what star system is ( 7540 ) 1997 ak21 in	( 7540 ) 1997 ak21
what was the cause of harlan jordan 's death ?	harlan jordan
what is the title of a bollywood netflix film ?	bollywood
what is the time zone that taft is located ?	taft
what is the topic of the end of reform ?	the end of reform
who played pitcher for the cincinatti reds baseball team ?	pitcher
what is a track from the artist jay brannan ?	jay brannan
name a movie that frank helmer designed the costumes for	frank helmer
what was the cause of death of edward uhl ?	edward uhl
what are the risk factors of disease placenta praevia ?	placenta praevia
what kind of music is revival in belfast classified under	revival in belfast
which latin country is nando reis e os infernais form	nando reis e os infernais
what type of film is en los altos de jalisco	en los altos de jalisco
what is albert d. richardson 's country of nationality ?	albert d. richardson
which books takes place in the state of indiana ?	indiana
what kind of artist is aqua ( band ) ?	aqua
dr. devil and mr. hare was spoken in what language	dr. devil and mr. hare
name a production that was steaged at the cort theatre	cort theatre
what is a featured location in man on fire ?	man on fire
what type of film is to kill a cop ?	to kill a cop
what is a neighborhood in las vegas , nevada ?	las vegas , nevada
what 's an example of an extreme metal artist ?	extreme metal
what profession does paul drayson , baron drayson have ?	paul drayson , baron drayson
in what format was the art of love released ?	the art of love
what genre is special kids : things in a day	special kids : things in a day
who is a notable person that was born in waitsfield	waitsfield
who released the music album called the very best of	the very best of
what title is a type of television netflix genre ?	television
what kinds of music is played by season 's end	season 's end
what country is associated withe the art in heaven concert	the art in heaven concert
what genre is dusty 's trail in on netflix ?	dusty 's trail
which asteroid group is 6753 fursenko a member of ?	6753 fursenko
name a film title in the netflix polish language genre	polish language
who is a person that was born in sao paulo	sao paulo
what kind of personality do german wirehaired pointer have ?	german wirehaired pointer
what country was music for stock exchange released in	music for stock exchange
where is adler school of professional psychology located ?	adler school of professional psychology
in what french city did antoine de févin die	antoine de févin
what major cities does u.s. route 2 run through	u.s. route 2
what is a book from the ethan frome series	ethan frome
what 's the name of a founder of ndtv	ndtv
what type of harp is traditionally found in ireland	harp
what mountain range does the mountain bisaurin belong to	bisaurin
where does the water in the canche come from	canche
what is the origin of the artist william hung	william hung
which city in alabama was named after richard montgomery	richard montgomery
who wrote the book the silence of the lambs	the silence of the lambs
in which country is the town of maybole located	maybole
which asteroid was names after an italian geologist ?	asteroid
which exhibition was created on the subject of islam	islam
name a track off of beyond good & evil	beyond good & evil
what type of music is on the album phenomenon	phenomenon
name a format in which luminitza was released .	luminitza
which album is hollywood on , by blues company	hollywood
what is a version of the single free ?	free
what country is the film laser moon from ?	laser moon
who is the performer of this is my life	this is my life
where was nude dimensions , volume 2 released ?	nude dimensions , volume 2
what type of music is featured on sweet oblivion	sweet oblivion
what is the artform of portrait of rachel ruysch	portrait of rachel ruysch
who was english author neil gaiman influenced by ?	neil gaiman
what type of film is diary of a suicide	diary of a suicide
what is the primary release of shakedown street called	shakedown street
what city and state did joe bowman die in	joe bowman
is the auburn 852 a 4 door or convertible	auburn 852
what kind of music does peter elkas make ?	peter elkas
what type of release did middle man have ?	middle man
what kind of music does lim hyung joo do	lim hyung joo
what label does the artist mr. m. belong to	mr. m.
what country was the distant light filmed in ?	distant light
in which county in illinois is grant park located	grant park
what tracks are on final hours at hammersmith ?	final hours at hammersmith
what is the format of the crimson sails movie	crimson sails
who was killed by the electric chair for murder	electric chair
what kind of binding does iowa come in ?	iowa
what can be found within the world trade center	world trade center
who is the author of the poseidon adventure ?	the poseidon adventure
what type of geological feature is the glenrock lagoon	glenrock lagoon
what 's the time zone in mount pleasant township	mount pleasant township
what is a film that monster executive produced ?	monster
what did chris von der ahe die from ?	chris von der ahe
what language was hangman 's curse originally written in	hangman 's curse
who was the composer of the song all blues	all blues
what is a version of the single earthquake ?	earthquake
what 's a fiction book written by michelle magorian	fiction
what is an example of a indie rock album	indie rock
what architect helped make st. peter 's episcopal church	st. peter 's episcopal church
september 25 is part os what calendar system ?	september 25
where was ice hockey player kyle rossiter born ?	kyle rossiter
what 's a tv episode that roberto orci wrote	roberto orci
what color is pronestyl 250 film coated tablet ?	pronestyl 250 film coated tablet
what gangsta rap album did eminem release in 2003	gangsta rap
what is a drug in the capsule form ?	capsule
which 2007 single was composed by melanie brown ?	melanie brown
what is a company that specializes in financial services	financial services
a botanist is a specialist of what profession .	botanist
what is a track produced by bryan ferry ?	bryan ferry
which release was o holy night recorded on ?	o holy night
what kind of album is gold musical collection ?	gold musical collection
what 's a book that donna tartt has published	donna tartt
what was the first original edition of mossflower called	mossflower
which school is a black panther the mascot of	black panther
what is the start system of 15500 anantpatel ?	15500 anantpatel
who was the artist of the album love shack	love shack
what is the station ruben studdard 's is on	ruben studdard
what is the mouth of the clearwater river ?	clearwater river
what track comes from good deeds and dirty rags	good deeds and dirty rags
where was the loss of el dorado located ?	the loss of el dorado
which city in america did joseph curran die in	joseph curran
what type of music is the album hours ?	hours
what type of music did david mackay make ?	david mackay
which books does the character jessica wakefield appear in	jessica wakefield
which song did steve hackett write the lyrics for	steve hackett
what 's an album featuring music by ella fitzgerald	album
what type of drug is levorphanol tartrate 2 tablet	levorphanol tartrate 2 tablet
what was the release type of right now !	right now !
who wrote the words to the song silent legacy	silent legacy
which films did ernest laszlo provide the cinematography ?	ernest laszlo
what kind of music did gino vannelli make ?	gino vannelli
what language family is karen , s'gaw language from	karen , s'gaw language
what country is r. f. delderfield 's nationality from	r. f. delderfield
what kind of music does the saw doctors make	the saw doctors
which war was battle of ezra church included in	battle of ezra church
what type of music is crystal castles classified under	crystal castles
which language was the film sweet country created in	sweet country
what football position is petter belsvik best known for	petter belsvik
who was the costume designer for the movie zelig	zelig
devil soldier was released under what music format ?	devil soldier
what platform was the game ice hockey released ?	ice hockey
what genre is true music 1st flight live 2003	true music 1st flight live 2003
what is a track from the release forever ?	forever
which country is the tv program judge alex from	judge alex
people of the kiwi ethnicity speak what language ?	kiwi
what is the active ingredient of formulation for zinc	zinc
which city in florida was ned porter born in	ned porter
what is a book in the speculative fiction gendre	speculative fiction
whats the active ingredient in sodium chloride 200 pellet	sodium chloride 200 pellet
what track is new hampshire a recording of ?	new hampshire
what kind of martial art does rené monse perform	rené monse
what is the spoken language of the remembrance film	remembrance
this 1977 book was published by del rey books	del rey books
what movie is pre-20th century period pieces in netflix	pre-20th century period pieces
what was the release format of goodnight golden sun	goodnight golden sun
what color does strattera 80 capsule come in ?	strattera 80 capsule
what subject does finding god in the garden cover	finding god in the garden
what country is 22902 a postal code in ?	22902
what is an album recorded by the rolling stones	the rolling stones
who is the musician on the album der leiermann	der leiermann
where was kristine kathryn rusch 's place of birth	kristine kathryn rusch
what is a color of new guinea singing dog	new guinea singing dog
which production company helped film maniac cop 2 ?	maniac cop 2
what is a film in the fantasy genre ?	fantasy
which track can be found in the recording iceland	iceland
the film entre llamas was spoken in what language	entre llamas
what types of music is played by 64 spoons	64 spoons
where can you find bextra 20 film coated tablet	bextra 20 film coated tablet
what type of movie is stoned ( film )	stoned
what track is cloud 9 a recording of ?	cloud 9
what is a form of lost in wonderland ?	lost in wonderland
what position is the football player vicente lucas ?	vicente lucas
what is the name of a gay themed film	gay themed
which musicians are known to play the hammond organ	hammond organ
what musical genre is mathieu van bellen known for	mathieu van bellen
what type of celestial body is theta arietis considered	theta arietis
what is the color of hamburg high school ?	hamburg high school
what town on the southeast of north carolina ?	north carolina
name a french documentary film released in 2008 .	documentary film
in what country is volta region apart of ?	volta region
what occupation is theodore l. thomas most known for	theodore l. thomas
the track speak can be found on what release	speak
which state is archeological site no. 48su354 located in	archeological site no. 48su354
what genre of music is farewell to paradise ?	farewell to paradise
what genre of music is the album conspiritus ?	conspiritus
what kind of movie is wind in the willows	wind in the willows
what is the netflix genre of sex is comedy	sex is comedy
what is the genre of halcyon days ep ?	halcyon days ep
what city is located in yakima county , washington	yakima county
what 's a characteristic of the pumi dog breed	pumi
what is the topic of the crime code ?	the crime code
in what genre is bonnie koloc 's music ?	bonnie koloc
where was the place of birth of panteleimon kulish	panteleimon kulish
which fantasy series were written by mercedes lackey ?	mercedes lackey
what 's a drug that teva pharmaceutical industries makes	teva pharmaceutical industries
what type of book is the road to balinor	the road to balinor
in which country was when hari got married filmed	when hari got married
who did the costume design for sister kenny ?	sister kenny
what 's the active ingredient of alprostadil 500 injection	alprostadil 500 injection
what is the netflix genre of big fat liar	big fat liar
which lyricist worked on the composition five minutes more	five minutes more
what 's a town in watonwan county , minnesota	watonwan county
what 's a topic of questo of the roots	questo of the roots
what is the release type of the album 22	22
what language is the film poor relatives in ?	poor relatives
what genre of music does jota quest make ?	jota quest
what is the name of a place in maryland	maryland
which type of school is west orange high school	west orange high school
which type of film is emma released in ?	emma
theudigisel 's religion can be said to be ?	theudigisel
what was the cause of death of burt gillett	burt gillett
what is the subject of the book secrets ?	secrets
who is a character in the play by jeeves	by jeeves
what type of celestial object is 29431 shijimi ?	29431 shijimi
what series is the episode seth rogen/phoenix from ?	seth rogen/phoenix
what type of martial art does paddy barnes perform	paddy barnes
what 's a band signed to universal music group	universal music group
where is the location of charlie chan on broadway	charlie chan on broadway
what music format is in germany before the war	in germany before the war
where in germany was heinz moog born in ?	heinz moog
what was the release format of what hides inside	what hides inside
what positon does baseball player tom timmermann play ?	tom timmermann
what type of album is be my guest ?	be my guest
what 's a sports game made by midway games	sports game
what type of album is the way up ?	the way up
what tracks did the future sound of london produce	the future sound of london
what is the gender of anna christina radziwill ?	anna christina radziwill
what ingredient is contained in white petrolatum 0.999 ointment	white petrolatum 0.999 ointment
what 's an example of a speculative fiction work	speculative fiction
maryna zanevska is what kind of a player ?	maryna zanevska
what kind of movie is the mystery of samba	the mystery of samba
what position does hank bartos play in american football	hank bartos
which artist recorded the album fun with knives ?	fun with knives
what is a song written by robyn hitchcock ?	robyn hitchcock
what was the place of birth of isabella neville	isabella neville
who is the program creator of magdusa ka ?	magdusa ka
what platform is pro evolution soccer 2009 made for	pro evolution soccer 2009
which country does nesrin cavadzade have their nationality in	nesrin cavadzade
who authored personal recollections of joan of arc ?	personal recollections of joan of arc
who are the parents of margaret of england ?	margaret of england
who is someone that was born in nesterov ?	nesterov
what record label is you kikkawa a part of	you kikkawa
name an asteroid discovered on september 26 , 19998	asteroid
what country created the film el hijo del crack	el hijo del crack
what is jacques gréber 's city of birth ?	jacques gréber
what is the topic of show business kills ?	show business kills
what is used to treat shock ( circulatory )	shock
what kind of film is tumko na bhool payenge	tumko na bhool payenge
what area can be found within the united states	united states
which city was the poland book edition published in	poland
what did tanita tikaram write the lyrics for ?	tanita tikaram
who is the most influential female k-pop singer ?	k-pop
whats a subject of japan in war and peace	japan in war and peace
what is the appropriate genre of the film accused	accused
what is the gender of paul j. swain ?	paul j. swain
what industry is sega technical institute apart of ?	sega technical institute
what genre of music did michael johns produce ?	michael johns
what songs have harry connick , jr. produced ?	harry connick , jr.
keeper of the keys is what type of book	keeper of the keys
who wrote nixon and kissinger : partners in power	nixon and kissinger : partners in power
is happy reunion an album or studio album ?	happy reunion
what sport is featured in the movie the greatest	the greatest
what 's a video game made by ocean software	ocean software
what time zone is hooksett a part of ?	hooksett
what is the topic of great sex games ?	great sex games
what kind of park is silent valley national park	silent valley national park
what style of book is on beulah height ?	on beulah height
what is the rating of orca ( film )	orca
what is a piece of artwork about ballet ?	ballet
what kind of release was the album vibrations ?	vibrations
what is a song from three imaginary boys album	three imaginary boys
what is a game that digital chocolate published ?	digital chocolate
what 's a track from lion in a cage	lion in a cage
what is logic skateboard media : vol. 11 about	logic skateboard media : vol. 11
what type of artwork is roelof meulenaer on ?	roelof meulenaer
who is a russian internet celeberity born in murmansk	murmansk
who was the architect of jesuit church , vienna	jesuit church , vienna
which of the five boroughs is gabriel spera from	gabriel spera
david shaw is a citizen of which country ?	david shaw
what is the genre of the album electric landlady	electric landlady
what is the drug category of guanfacine 1 tablet	guanfacine 1 tablet
what is a track by the artist pierce brosnan	pierce brosnan
who is a famous actor born in south korea	south korea
what was a nation involved in burma campaign 1944	burma campaign 1944
what is the legal structure of general motors ?	general motors
what kind of rock music is march ör die	march ör die
where in canada was benjamin hart born in ?	benjamin hart
what is a track off alive in the fire	alive in the fire
what sort of genre does slaughter studios belong to	slaughter studios
what 's a movie that rodney dangerfield has produced	rodney dangerfield
who did the production design of good will hunting	good will hunting
what format was the bicentennial poet released in ?	the bicentennial poet
is the the unusual suspects a fantasy or mystery	the unusual suspects
where in england was william tritton born in ?	william tritton
who is the artist of the album christmas wishes	christmas wishes
what medical specialty does the disease marasmus fall under	marasmus
what is a version of the single stay ?	stay
which country did i am round originate in ?	i am round
which alternative rock albums was produced in 1987 ?	alternative rock
who was born in bayonne , new jersey ?	bayonne , new jersey
what is a track on the release further ?	further
is poetic justice a movie or a tv episode	poetic justice
what is a planetary system of solar system ?	solar system
what is a song from chappell recorded music album	chappell recorded music
which country is the postal code 08830 located in	08830
which drug is candida albicans an ingredient of ?	candida albicans
what language family is part of the bengali language	bengali language
where in illinois did lisa coole pass away ?	lisa coole
what is a film produced by bruce mcnall ?	bruce mcnall
what is a track on the santa claus album	santa claus
what type of school is the management development institute	management development institute
what is black and white live bundle # 3	black and white live bundle # 3
what kinds of music is played by mick gallagher	mick gallagher
what is the name of a remake romance film	romance film
what is the release format of double trouble live	double trouble live
what series is the episode dane cook/the killers from	dane cook/the killers
what type of video game is final liberation ?	final liberation
what is a book with the subject of murder	murder
what can be found in houghton county , michigan	houghton county
what film was orry-kelly a costume designer for ?	orry-kelly
what 's an example of a heavy metal album	heavy metal
what 's an example of a hamlet in virginia	virginia
this bbc programme falls under the genre of parody	parody
name a netflix title from the thriller genre .	thriller
what is the content of the artist rufus wainwright	rufus wainwright
what what kind of music does stew mckinsey make	stew mckinsey
what subject of book is more dos for dummies	more dos for dummies
what woman was born in hoboken , new jersey	hoboken , new jersey
what is the biological gender of wisdom fofo agbo	wisdom fofo agbo
what island is located in the fiji time zone	fiji time zone
what is franklin county a second level division of	franklin county
which processors does the game the astyanax support ?	the astyanax
what is a release from i shall be released	i shall be released
what is the name of someone who plays piano	piano
what language was sign of the moon written in	sign of the moon
what is the name of a compilation album ?	compilation album
what type of film is treasure of the amazon	treasure of the amazon
what book is the fourth hand an edition of	the fourth hand
what city was the sarposa prison attack of 2008	sarposa prison attack of 2008
what type of architecture does immaculate conception church have	immaculate conception church
which music format is george of the jungle ?	george of the jungle
what type of body of work is basie jam	basie jam
which artist is associated with the art movement realism	realism
what is an example of a metalcore album ?	metalcore
what does ( 12274 ) 1990 uj1 orbit ?	( 12274 ) 1990 uj1
name an asteroid discovered on may 11 , 1985	asteroid
who was born in yanam ( india ) ?	yanam
what is a book that is speculative fiction ?	speculative fiction
what country was antónio alva rosa coutinho born in	antónio alva rosa coutinho
what style of architecture is the us post office-owego	us post office-owego
what is the original language of the first stone	the first stone
what film did daphne du maurier contribute too ?	daphne du maurier
whats the name of a stadium located in bristol	bristol
what film was satoshi tajiri the story contributor of	satoshi tajiri
which karl may characters was a tribal chief ?	tribal chief
what are some ingredients found in corn flakes ?	corn flakes
what kind of industry does citic securities operate in	citic securities
name a song from the brothers in arms album	brothers in arms
what is the genre of the artist craig david	craig david
what is the topic of the written piece deathmasques	deathmasques
what film is a type of experimental film ?	experimental film
what kind of film is hildegard of bingen ?	hildegard of bingen
what is the place of death of geneviève winding	geneviève winding
what is the nearest place from bradford alhambra ?	bradford alhambra
which european nation did wiktor osiecki originate from ?	wiktor osiecki
what is the album the artist dissecting table made	dissecting table
what television program is considered a romance film ?	romance film
what is the ethnicity of sylvestra le touzel ?	sylvestra le touzel
whats the media of portrait of a seated woman	portrait of a seated woman
how is a bupivacaine hydrochloride 5 injectable solution classified	bupivacaine hydrochloride 5 injectable solution
what genre is the paper chase ( band )	the paper chase
what track is on the release soul intention ?	soul intention
which country did life 's a dream come from	life 's a dream
what kind of album is music for reiki healing	music for reiki healing
is life or death rock music or metal ?	life or death
who wrote the song run for your life ?	run for your life
what kind of album is shakti : the power	shakti : the power
where in ireland is guinness storehouse located in ?	guinness storehouse
which title did charles martel have in the military	charles martel
what kind of film is meshes of the afternoon	meshes of the afternoon
which bollywood film stars menekka arora and arun bali	bollywood
what southern california city did leo fender die in	leo fender
what kind of educational institution is pontifical gregorian university	pontifical gregorian university
what platform can you use to play napoleon ?	napoleon
dorothy l. sayers is credited for which film ?	dorothy l. sayers
what is the album content type of mental jewelry	mental jewelry
who was the director for the king of ads	the king of ads
what is an example of a high school ?	high school
in what city was the book plato published ?	plato
which european language is blauer dunst filmed in ?	blauer dunst
which character in the wire is a detective ?	detective
what type of music is featured on christmas songs	christmas songs
what is the second level division of brazil ?	brazil
what is maxwell street jimmy davis 's profession ?	maxwell street jimmy davis
what netflix genre is sexo con amor in ?	sexo con amor
whats a holiday in the western christian holiday category	western christian holiday
what country did the film stealing heaven come from	stealing heaven
in what format is too gangsta for radio presented	too gangsta for radio
which language family do uto-aztecan languages belong to ?	uto-aztecan languages
what book has time travel as a subject ?	time travel
what is a track on the release set design	set design
which award category does winsor mccay award belong to	winsor mccay award
what type of work is karl zerbe famous for	karl zerbe
what is the movie classification of the amateur gentleman	the amateur gentleman
what type of music is the album radio ?	radio
what was the genre of trimmed in furs ?	trimmed in furs
what is a film that leo mccarey directed ?	leo mccarey
what is the genre of holiday in your heart	holiday in your heart
what 's a movie that shane black helped write	shane black
what is a town located in new mexico ?	new mexico
what title track is from the album jungle fever	jungle fever
what genre of movie is concerto per michelangelo ?	concerto per michelangelo
who is a child of cristina fernández de kirchner	cristina fernández de kirchner
what is the genre of por tu maldito amor	por tu maldito amor
what is a song featured in slutna rum 7595	slutna rum 7595
brian swimme wrote what book that dealt with science	science
what film is urban legend the soundtrack for ?	urban legend
which baseball player played for the red sox briefly	baseball player
what kind of film is five gates to hell	five gates to hell
which country created the film the old army game	the old army game
what is a movie was drama released in 1997	drama
which country was lonesome luke lolls in luxury filmed	lonesome luke lolls in luxury
what is the automotive class of seat exeo ?	seat exeo
in what main turkish city did asım nipton die	asım nipton
what is a. n. r. robinson 's religion ?	a. n. r. robinson
what type of television show is marine boy ?	marine boy
who is the director of the pilot for x-files	pilot
whats the architectural style of george washington 's gristmill	george washington 's gristmill
which fiction novel has a female lead character ?	fiction
what format is i been mistreated released in ?	i been mistreated
what language was logan 's run originally written in	logan 's run
what is the birth place of tom hart ?	tom hart
what kind of music is proud to be loud	proud to be loud
what license is jeremy blake and theresa duncan under	jeremy blake and theresa duncan
samuel gibbs french died in this florida city .	samuel gibbs french
what asteroid group is 11161 daibosatsu a part of	11161 daibosatsu
what is the name of a alternative metal album	alternative metal
what is a live album of alejandra guzman ?	alejandra guzman
in which county in south dakota is wolsey located	wolsey
where is the second level division of skálavík ?	skálavík
what kind of book is the gate of time	the gate of time
what is the ethnicity of kevin j. o'toole ?	kevin j. o'toole
what kind of release is world 's on fire	world 's on fire
which south american country is nicomedes santa cruz from	nicomedes santa cruz
what genre of film is home page in ?	home page
what language is happy birthday , lola in ?	happy birthday , lola
what is mona lisa overdrive ( album ) ?	mona lisa overdrive
what kind of field of study is sociology ?	sociology
what is the gender of john baines johnston ?	john baines johnston
what type of celestial object is the 2814 vieira	2814 vieira
after hours was a track from which album ?	after hours
what language is used in the program operacija trijumf	operacija trijumf
what type of narrative is the things fall apart	things fall apart
whats the name of an album by tomoyasu hotei	tomoyasu hotei
which genre of music would war games fall into	war games
what city in italy was marco vacca born in	marco vacca
psilodump typically creates what kind of electronic music ?	psilodump
what language was the bridal chair filmed in ?	the bridal chair
what is a team color of canberra raiders ?	canberra raiders
what type of film is the broken cross ?	the broken cross
what kind of release is greatest golden hits ?	greatest golden hits
which ep was black sheep a track on ?	black sheep
what kind of school is shelton intermediate school ?	shelton intermediate school
who was a featured artist on the album hangover	hangover
who was a person that was born in osijek	osijek
which region was you cross my path released in	you cross my path
who 's a singer featured on radioio rnb mix	radioio rnb mix
what country is wetten , dass.. ? from ?	wetten , dass.. ?
where is 1996 karlovy vary international film festival located	1996 karlovy vary international film festival
what game can be played on the dreamcast platform	dreamcast
what type of videogame is mtv 's celebrity deathmatch	mtv 's celebrity deathmatch
what type of genre is aqui há talento ?	aqui há talento
what city and state was patti rizzo born in	patti rizzo
which electronica albums were produced by altera enigma ?	electronica
where did jens juel ( painter ) pass away	jens juel
what os the organism classification of lhasa apso ?	lhasa apso
what drugs are in the form of gel ?	gel
what genre of music did patrick michael larsson create	patrick michael larsson
what is the software genre of glasgow haskell compiler	glasgow haskell compiler
who is the author that wrote life these days	life these days
which television actor was born in san antonio ?	san antonio
what time zone is staunton , virginia situated in	staunton , virginia
in what city in tn was holiday inn founded	holiday inn
the asteroid 9812 danco can be found where ?	9812 danco
what type of music is you & me ?	you & me
what kind of business is travelscape media cc ?	travelscape media cc
who is the artist for into the purple valley	into the purple valley
what was alexey kaledin 's cause of death ?	alexey kaledin
what type of fiction classifies the protector 's war	the protector 's war
which artist is the album classic christmas from ?	classic christmas
what city was christian august friedrich peters born in	christian august friedrich peters
what is the title of an american football team	american football
name a person who died by the guillotine .	guillotine
the book ambivalent conquests is on what subject ?	ambivalent conquests
what kind of movie is running for jim ?	running for jim
which counrty was involved in the battle of ugeumchi	battle of ugeumchi
who was a person who died by myocardial infarction	myocardial infarction
what is the release type of hands of time	hands of time
what is a gameplay mode available in mission asteroid	mission asteroid
name a city and state in the united states	united states
what kind of music does the downtown fiction write	the downtown fiction
what is about quest for the well of souls	quest for the well of souls
who is theodore roosevelt high school named after ?	theodore roosevelt high school
what 's a strategy video game for the psp	strategy video game
who wrote the story for heritage of the desert	heritage of the desert
whats the name of a character from fear itself	fear itself
in what city was the druid of shannara published	the druid of shannara
where did dick grayson make his first appearance ?	dick grayson
what is the nearest travel destination from villa vizcaya	villa vizcaya
what is the legal structure of tellus leads ?	tellus leads
what is the architectural style of hancock school ?	hancock school
what is a village found in the united kingdom	united kingdom
who is one of the characters from breaking dawn	breaking dawn
name an artist from the melodic death metal genre	melodic death metal
which language is primarily used in toh lagi sharat	toh lagi sharat
the song tomorrow was apart of what spanish album	tomorrow
which major label did onew sign to in japan	onew
what music label has sarah corina signed with ?	sarah corina
what is the genre of the game tribes 2	tribes 2
what is kim hye-jin 's place of birth ?	kim hye-jin
what is a release from the track jackie ?	jackie
what is a song composed by josh freese ?	josh freese
in what format was son of dracula released ?	son of dracula
what state can the komati river be found in	komati river
what is the name of an apache tribe ?	apache tribe
who did the music for the film la notte	la notte
what is a track from i shall be released	i shall be released
what kind of music does gregg giuffria play ?	gregg giuffria
what is the active moiety in the drug frovatriptan	frovatriptan
what is an example of a romance film ?	romance film
which midfielder plays for the amiens football team ?	midfielder
name a tv episode written by bryan fuller ?	bryan fuller
what does gary giudice do for a living ?	gary giudice
what condition could be prevented by dalteparin sodium ?	dalteparin sodium
what kind of release was judy. london. 1969 ?	judy. london. 1969
which football position is alhassane keita known for playing	alhassane keita
what creek is located in virginia , united states	united states
who is the child of michael loren keenan ?	michael loren keenan
where did the film lakhon ki baat originate ?	lakhon ki baat
who is the character john quincy adams based on	john quincy adams
what is the city in the borough of wokingham	borough of wokingham
what is the genre of my son the vampire	my son the vampire
what time zone is gualdo , marche in ?	gualdo , marche
what is a documentary film about the titanic called	documentary film
what film series is a corny concerto part of	a corny concerto
what is a track released from free to move	free to move
what release was under record label domino recording company	domino recording company
which asteroid was named after an american student ?	asteroid
where in california was john locke born in ?	john locke
who is the artist on complete chess masters ?	complete chess masters
what is a jazz album by thad jones ?	album
where does seal of the department of commerce appear	seal of the department of commerce
what os the administrative parent of drohobych raion ?	drohobych raion
who did the costume design for white fang ?	white fang
who was the perpetrator of the invasion of java	invasion of java
what 's a song by christof lauer from bluebells	christof lauer
what type of music is off the apocalypse album	apocalypse
where was the place of birth of jeremiah theus	jeremiah theus
what language is with the angels composed in ?	with the angels
what is a commune in the country of italy	italy
where was adolph francis alphonse bandelier when he died	adolph francis alphonse bandelier
which is a lighthouse that was built with concrete	concrete
what position did baseball player cardell camper play ?	cardell camper
what is the name of a notable football forward	forward
what can a person eat on a gluten-free diet	gluten-free diet
who is signed to the record label polydor records	polydor records
what 's an example of an animation program ?	animation
who is the ragtime artist born in denmark ?	ragtime
what language is the better way film in ?	the better way
which songs were written by lyricist paul cook ?	paul cook
who 's one of the alumni from silliman college	silliman college
what type of school is sir salimullah medical college	sir salimullah medical college
what language family does lao language belong to ?	lao language
who is daughter of edward fox ( actor )	edward fox
which marketed formulation of the drug bupropion is there	bupropion
what genre of film is dead world order considered	dead world order
who 's a south korean rhythm and blues musician	rhythm and blues
what type of music is live in new orleans	live in new orleans
what 's a radio station that broadcasts talk radio	talk radio
what 's a tv show meant to be satire	satire
what is the successor of the vehicle saturn s-series	saturn s-series
what is arthur jafa 's country of origin ?	arthur jafa
what is a risk factor of pressure ulcer ?	pressure ulcer
what game can be played on os x ?	os x
which 1999 album was recorded by antonello venditti ?	antonello venditti
who is the owner of wmal radio station ?	wmal
what is a musician that plays christian ska music	christian ska
what tracks are on sings his greatest hits ?	sings his greatest hits
what song was included in the hits album 6	the hits album 6
what film did sheldon moldoff receive writer 's credit	sheldon moldoff
what type of tv program was petite princess yucie	petite princess yucie
what drug is the shape of a circle ?	circle
what is a track name from the the corrs	the corrs
who is the writer credited for a busy day	a busy day
what platform was f-zero : gp legend released on	f-zero : gp legend
what is a song from dancing with the moon	dancing with the moon
what was the cause of death of volker kraemer	volker kraemer
what is a release of framed ( album )	framed
who directed the film the dance of reality ?	the dance of reality
what is the language of in the flesh ?	in the flesh
who is the artist behind let the music play	let the music play
what is a place in colorado , united states	united states
what language is spoken in the movie avana ivan	avana ivan
what 's a body that orbit 's the sun	the sun
which book is written on the subject of storytelling	storytelling
what film genre is david francey : burning bright	david francey : burning bright
what recording was that track curtains apart of ?	curtains
what album is by the flying burrito brothers ?	the flying burrito brothers
what language is america and lewis hine in ?	america and lewis hine
which lake does lower buckhorn lake flow into ?	lower buckhorn lake
what language is spoken by indian new zealander people	indian new zealander
what kinds of music is played by shirley jones	shirley jones
what kind of cuisine does abc india make ?	abc india
where is dream house acres within the united states	dream house acres
plugged nickle was an example of what animal ?	plugged nickle
what is an album by john eliot gardiner ?	john eliot gardiner
who is the author editor of the night land	the night land
what 's an episode from the tv show smallville	smallville
what type of music does jah jerry haynes play	jah jerry haynes
what genre is the film the lover 's gift	the lover 's gift
what kind of release was no turning back ?	no turning back
what is a crime fiction film form 1937 ?	crime fiction
what topic is a nightmare on elm street ?	a nightmare on elm street
which comic book character did larry lieber create ?	larry lieber
the film mom and dad is what genre ?	mom and dad
what is a track that gilbert and sullivan performed	gilbert and sullivan
earth & water was a film in what country	earth & water
what is the shape of aspirin 81 chewable tablet	aspirin 81 chewable tablet
how many episodes aired for battle of the brains	battle of the brains
the nationality of rabbi norman lamm is what ?	norman lamm
what south american city did saro vera die in	saro vera
where did the battle of the afsluitdijk take place	battle of the afsluitdijk
which movie soundtrack did honor him come off of	honor him
what types of music is live at the wetlands	live at the wetlands
where in europe was robin griffith-jones born in ?	robin griffith-jones
where is frank watkin 's location of death ?	frank watkin
what is a film made with 35 mm film	35 mm film
what is the occupation of fictional character toulouse-lautrec ?	toulouse-lautrec
what is the title of a progressive rock album	progressive rock
what civilization was involved in battle of lake vadimo	battle of lake vadimo
what region is russian sign language used in ?	russian sign language
who released the album the time machine tour ?	the time machine tour
which american jazz drummer composed the song open ?	open
what language is spoken in the movie slicked-up pup	slicked-up pup
what is the version of the single colors ?	colors
what is a work written by jon katz ?	jon katz
what artists are included when discussing rock and roll	rock and roll
what is the genre of the album winter harvest	winter harvest
what is harold jenkins 's profession in literature ?	harold jenkins
who is someone famous with attention deficit hyperactivity disorder	attention deficit hyperactivity disorder
what film has mark goldblatt listed as editor ?	mark goldblatt
what airport can be found in mayes county ?	mayes county
what movie was adapted from the book breaking dawn	breaking dawn
who edited the film 1492 conquest of paradise ?	1492 conquest of paradise
what type of music does king krule make ?	king krule
what type of musical composition is the super hits	super hits
what is an example of a secondary school ?	secondary school
who was the lyricist behind symptom of the universe	symptom of the universe
what is the origin of the artist mathias nygård	mathias nygård
what track is featured on o céu pode esperar	o céu pode esperar
what label does the artist arthur louis belong to	arthur louis
what book does cassie ( animorphs ) appear in	cassie
in what country was zoom and bored filmed in	zoom and bored
what kind of film is bye bye now ?	bye bye now
where was the american actor brian anthony wilson born	brian anthony wilson
defender is a football position played by who ?	defender
what type of book is last call lp ?	last call lp
who is the artist of the album christmas ?	christmas
what 's a compilation album written by alan jackson	album
which film did nitin sawhney musically contribute to ?	nitin sawhney
what kind of film rating does hook have ?	hook
which east coast city was eddie kilenyi born in	eddie kilenyi
the genre of the album anugerah aidilfitri is ?	anugerah aidilfitri
what 's a song featured on devil in disguise	devil in disguise
which religion is moses the black a part of	moses the black
what is the name of a 1992 short film	short film
name an artist under the dream pop genre .	dream pop
which female painter was 30788 angekauffmann named after ?	30788 angekauffmann
what topic is discussed in revenge of the wannabes	revenge of the wannabes
who wrote the episode treehouse of horror iii ?	treehouse of horror iii
what kind of album is itunes live from soho	itunes live from soho
what type of fiction is kinsmen of the dragon	kinsmen of the dragon
what time zone is virginia beach , virginia ?	virginia beach , virginia
what is one the episodes directed by matt reeves	matt reeves
new line cinema is where this romantic-comedy was filmed	new line cinema
what is contained in the location koochiching county ?	koochiching county
what is the gender of kevin j. walsh ?	kevin j. walsh
what country gives tolly burkan his or her nationality	tolly burkan
what is the name of a compilation album ?	compilation album
what kind of game is twisted metal : head-on	twisted metal : head-on
what films are in the genre of short film	short film
what neighborhood is little italy a part of ?	little italy
what kind of championship was the 1991 nba finals	1991 nba finals
what is one game that digital chocolate published ?	digital chocolate
what kind of music does wuta mayi make ?	wuta mayi
what north american country gives jacob mincer his nationality	jacob mincer
which film festivals did the horse whisperer screen at	the horse whisperer
is toilet kids bread a compact disc or dvd	toilet kids bread
which film falls under the thriller ( genre )	thriller
how can spellcasting 301 : spring break be played	spellcasting 301 : spring break
what series is the episode the force from ?	the force
in which country is jean madeline aveda institute located	jean madeline aveda institute
what event was the battle of westerplatte part of	battle of westerplatte
name a township in kanabec county , minnesota .	kanabec county
indinavir manufactures the marketed formulation of which drug ?	indinavir
what city and country was luis garcía conde born	luis garcía conde
what subject is in the film young cesar ?	young cesar
where in california did syd saylor died in ?	syd saylor
who is a breeder of the thoroughbred racehorse rumplestiltskin	rumplestiltskin
was under the mistletoe a studio or live album	under the mistletoe
? what was the release for the recording stay	stay
what is the name of an action game ?	action game
what is robert dundas of arniston 's job ?	robert dundas of arniston
what song was henry wadsworth longfellow a lyricist on	henry wadsworth longfellow
what is a track produced by john oates ?	john oates
what books have been written about the americas ?	the americas
to which main organization does diocese of york belong	diocese of york
what position does baseball player al levine play ?	al levine
which subject is birmingham , 1963 written in ?	birmingham , 1963
which album was also released as an album ?	album
what is the netflix genre of the film cherry	cherry
name a person who was born in helena ?	helena
what language is the compositions tennessee recorded in ?	tennessee
which language is spoken in along the roaring river	along the roaring river
where was the movie sleep of the beast filmed	sleep of the beast
what language did my gimpy life get filmed in	my gimpy life
what genre on netflix is coyote funeral found under	coyote funeral
what city was jon barwise in when he died	jon barwise
which artist released the album project : mersh ?	project : mersh
what drug category is loblolly pine 10000 injectable solution	loblolly pine 10000 injectable solution
breast cancer is a risk factor for what disease	breast cancer
where did the 1999 world series take place ?	1999 world series
under what netflix genre does a person find believe	believe
who wrote the film the small back room ?	the small back room
which country did the tv program primera dama originate	primera dama
what is the book edition of martin eden called	martin eden
what book edition was alison weir the author of	alison weir
what format was set yourself on fire released on	set yourself on fire
what part of india is vishnu vardhan from ?	vishnu vardhan
what city is located within the united kingdom ?	united kingdom
what kind of music is on the album brave	brave
what 's an example of a rock music album	rock music
what was the reason of death for georges couthon	georges couthon
what major city does nebraska highway 70 pass through	nebraska highway 70
in what zip code does hudson street lie ?	hudson street
in what architectural style was rutgers preparatory school built	rutgers preparatory school
what is the mpaa rating for the movie sahara	sahara
what battles were a part of the napoleonic wars	napoleonic wars
what is the netflix genre of ice grill ?	ice grill
what asteroid group is 55701 ukalegon a member of	55701 ukalegon
what country is the movie shanghai mystery based in	shanghai mystery
what country was west bank brooklyn filmed in ?	west bank brooklyn
name a person born in virginia beach , virginia	virginia beach , virginia
which nation does raymond v. haysbert belong to ?	raymond v. haysbert
who was the writer for the film abbas kiarostami	abbas kiarostami
which industry is alain ducasse at the dorchester in	alain ducasse at the dorchester
what country is the film zina filmed in ?	zina
what is the release in which the track chicago	chicago
what is the release track on o holy night	o holy night
what kind of film is day of the fight	day of the fight
what is a track by blind lemon jefferson ?	blind lemon jefferson
what is an example of a documentary film ?	documentary film
what sort of film is pact with the devil	pact with the devil
who is the editor for scotched in scotland ?	scotched in scotland
which comic book universe does the dweller-in-darkness appear in	dweller-in-darkness
what tamil action film was filmed in 2009 ?	action film
what 's a hard rock album featuring molly hatchet	hard rock
which county is bristol mountain ski resort located in	bristol mountain ski resort
what is the netflix genre of the reagans ?	the reagans
what type of film is the need for speed	need for speed
what is an active ingredient found in threonine ?	threonine
whats the name of an album by daevid allen	daevid allen
what genre does the movie cherry fall under ?	cherry
what is the name of a periodical about physics	physics
which central american nations were affected by hurricane beta	hurricane beta
who 's a forward that plays for manchester united	forward
what color is the drug enpresse 0.03,0.04,0.03/0.05,0.075,0.125 kit ?	enpresse 0.03,0.04,0.03/0.05,0.075,0.125 kit
what is the birth place of bert sheldon ?	bert sheldon
what is an episode directed by barry van dyke	barry van dyke
what is a track from acoustic 80 's ?	acoustic 80 's
where did the battle of cheat mountain take place	battle of cheat mountain
what country was involved in battle of the hook	battle of the hook
which position in the nfl does aaron rodgers play	aaron rodgers
is kate carnell of the male or female gender	kate carnell
what was the way of the cross written about	the way of the cross
what event was included in world war ii ?	world war ii
nellie mcclung is a notable example of a ?	nellie mcclung
what kind of music does sergey lazarev make ?	sergey lazarev
`` thunderbirds '' was filmed in what language ?	thunderbirds
who was born in socialist republic of slovenia ?	socialist republic of slovenia
what kind of film is por el mismo camino	por el mismo camino
what school or movement is the book spovedanii about	spovedanii
one example of an emo album is what ?	emo
what musician produced ooo baby baby : the anthology	ooo baby baby : the anthology
which form of art does tamas dezso play with	tamas dezso
what art period was joan brown active in ?	joan brown
what was mrs. jeffries questions the answer written about	mrs. jeffries questions the answer
what did mike lehane do for a living ?	mike lehane
which war was the dutch west indies campaign in	dutch west indies campaign
what genre of music is the restless stranger ?	the restless stranger
john brown is a track from what 1962-1988 release	john brown
what kind of movie is ben and arthur ?	ben and arthur
who is the cinematographer for all the invisible children	all the invisible children
what type of license does soft drink shelf have	soft drink shelf
who is an artist of radioio 90s rock ?	radioio 90s rock
what country did mask of the avenger come from	mask of the avenger
what division is alabama crimson tide mens basketball ?	alabama crimson tide mens basketball
which country does walter a. haas have citizenship in	walter a. haas
who is an actress born in new york city	new york city
what is laura shapiro kramer 's literary profession ?	laura shapiro kramer
what is the subject of the new anti-semitism ?	the new anti-semitism
what kind of music does bally jagpal make ?	bally jagpal
what kind of a film is the spirit ?	the spirit
what is josé maría gutiérrez santos 's profession ?	josé maría gutiérrez santos
what city did the artist betty roché originate from	betty roché
what is located on bourke street , melbourne ?	bourke street , melbourne
what is a radio station owned by cumulus media	cumulus media
what is a book that is about arabic name	arabic name
where was the moolchand fertility and ivf centre founded	moolchand fertility and ivf centre
what city is near the ercan international airport ?	ercan international airport
which was author was helen keller influenced by ?	helen keller
what genre is the book a passage to india	a passage to india
who is the author of the book main street	main street
what is a dog breed that is black ?	black
what film does martin hayes make music for ?	martin hayes
what constellation is hd 72108 a part of ?	hd 72108
who is the creator of the altered beast game	altered beast
what event occurred in bound brook , new jersey	bound brook , new jersey
what ethnic group did second seminole war involve ?	second seminole war
what type of school is university of greenwich ?	university of greenwich
what genre does the artist jeff friedl perform ?	jeff friedl
what genre is the film his private life ?	his private life
whats the title of a newspaper that circulates liverpool	liverpool
which position did the football player josé luís play	josé luís
who is someone that was born in berlin ?	berlin
what kinds of school is academy of richmond county	academy of richmond county
what country produces 2004 chatom sierra foothills estate zinfandel	2004 chatom sierra foothills estate zinfandel
what was one of the songs on free spirit	free spirit
what is the album of blackhawk ( band )	blackhawk
what position does jorge valderrama play in soccer ?	jorge valderrama
what platform is b-1 nuclear bomber played on ?	b-1 nuclear bomber
soul train is a track on what recording ?	soul train
which fictional universe does garth ranzz appear in ?	garth ranzz
what kind of program was frannie 's turn ?	frannie 's turn
what is stanisław ignacy witkiewicz 's country of nationality	stanisław ignacy witkiewicz
in which country is the god provides film produced	god provides
what type of celestial object is 2045 peking ?	2045 peking
what tracks are on the release speak now ?	speak now
name a movie that is considered a black comedy	black comedy
who 's a gospel singer signed to capitol records	capitol records
what position did basketball player tom tolbert play ?	tom tolbert
what kind of netflix film is bad lieutenant ?	bad lieutenant
which art style is laszlo moholy-nagy associated with ?	laszlo moholy-nagy
what genre is the tv show gdgd fairies ?	gdgd fairies
what is a song included in sticks and stones	sticks and stones
what 's an award given for paranormal romance books	paranormal romance
what 's one event that celebrates the leather subculture	leather subculture
what films have paul w. s. anderson written ?	paul w. s. anderson
what can the drug thiamine be used to treat	thiamine
what kind of composition is lalala shiawase no uta	lalala shiawase no uta
who was an oberst in world war ii ?	world war ii
what kind of written work is the border legion	the border legion
who wrote the lyrics to someone woke up ?	someone woke up
what is a song included in andorra / moonstruck	andorra / moonstruck
which movie is tim lahaye a film contributor to	tim lahaye
which country is todd collins ( quarterback ) from	todd collins
what is a township located in bollinger county ?	bollinger county
what film was lennie hayton the music contributor of	lennie hayton
what is an example of a strategy video game	strategy video game
what type of movie is battle in outer space	battle in outer space
what kind of release was theatre of dreams ?	theatre of dreams
what is the subject of the book titled generals	generals
what airborne division was involved in battle of najaf	battle of najaf
what 's a book dealing with the 20th century	20th century
what position does manfred starke play in football ?	manfred starke
where in europe was henry bordeaux born in ?	henry bordeaux
which comedy album was recorded by bob saget ?	album
what is an example of an aggressive dog breed	aggressive
what in the world is yadollah akbari 's position	yadollah akbari
who is the artist of the album quartet live	quartet live
what is the cursive script used in china for	cursive script
which rock music album by the rolling stones ?	rock music
which european nation does peter eich belong to ?	peter eich
what was the journeys of socrates written about ?	the journeys of socrates
what films was alan dean foster participate in ?	alan dean foster
what was the place of birth of yiğit güralp	yiğit güralp
what genre does the artist vaughn lal perform in	vaughn lal
what country is port of missing girls from ?	port of missing girls
what was the cause of death for lia maivia	lia maivia
what is an album that duke ellington released ?	duke ellington
who was involved in the war in somalia ?	war in somalia
what is the game version developed by imagic ?	imagic
what genre of film is playing by heart ?	playing by heart
what type of music does the browns play ?	the browns
what style of music is dead child in ?	dead child
who is one of the founders of fiji airways	fiji airways
what kind of instrument can dean fertita play ?	dean fertita
what type of school is gaither high school ?	gaither high school
which country is released by the illusion of progress	the illusion of progress
what county and state does liberty township lie in	liberty township
what format was all-time greatest hits released in ?	all-time greatest hits
what is the genre of the film jennifer 8	jennifer 8
what is the featured released from the evolution album	evolution
what type of movie is sound and fury ?	sound and fury
what type of genre is the computer videogame swing	swing
what are some examples of spanish colonial architecture ?	spanish colonial architecture
this is the city where ivan parlov was born	ivan parlov
what female actress was born in denver , colorado	denver , colorado
what is a game version of full spectrum warrior	full spectrum warrior
who was the author for the hand of dinotopia	the hand of dinotopia
who composed ( listen to the ) flower people	( listen to the ) flower people
in what region was nadir 's big chance released	nadir 's big chance
who was the developer of the computer videogame simtower	simtower
what city is the romanian former footballer brăila ?	brăila
what music genre is street sounds electro 10 ?	street sounds electro 10
what is the genre of the artist thy disease	thy disease
what do people in the discipline meteorology study ?	meteorology
what genre is the album cerca de ti ?	cerca de ti
what kind of album is here comes the indian	here comes the indian
what genre of film is the barkleys of broadway	the barkleys of broadway
what kind of music is otterclan known for releasing	otterclan
which time zone is the nebish township in ?	nebish township
what architectural style is the structure gov. smith homestead	gov. smith homestead
what film belongs to the thriller ( genre )	thriller
where did nachtschicht - ich habe angst come from	nachtschicht - ich habe angst
in what american state is the town moapa located	moapa
whats the name of an album by maurice ravel	maurice ravel
whats the subject of the book the robber bride	the robber bride
what type of school is montgomery blair high school	montgomery blair high school
what release is from the release track vietnam ?	vietnam
what is the architectural style of villa repeta ?	villa repeta
what kind of music did freddie spruell make ?	freddie spruell
what is the label of the artist hatesphere ?	hatesphere
what genre of film is donna on demand ?	donna on demand
name a person born in manhattan , kansas .	manhattan , kansas
what type of music does jan hammer play ?	jan hammer
which european city was mercè rodoreda i gurguí born	mercè rodoreda i gurguí
who wrote the film she goes to war ?	she goes to war
what kind of music is on ( gi )	( gi )
what type of content is the album friends ?	friends
which zip code is regency tower located in ?	regency tower
what song is on the album sherlock holmes ?	sherlock holmes
which genre of film is echoes of forgotten places	echoes of forgotten places
what album is released as a compilation albumby cema	compilation
which label does the artist becky hobbs work under	becky hobbs
who is considered to be a psychedelic rock band	psychedelic rock
what artist performs the genre hardcore hip hop ?	hardcore hip hop
where was christian regenhard 's place of birth ?	christian regenhard
name a undergraduate college ( 4-year ) in iowa	undergraduate college ( 4-year )
where is south dakota highway 19 located at ?	south dakota highway 19
what group of islands is miyako-jima a part of	miyako-jima
name a unit in the confederate states army .	confederate states army
what format was souls / island released on ?	souls / island
what genre of film is nagin aur suhagin ?	nagin aur suhagin
in which california city did vern freiburger die ?	vern freiburger
what is a title of a romantic dramas ?	romantic dramas
what kind of film is fruit of the vine	fruit of the vine
what kinds of music is the amazing kamikaze syndrome	the amazing kamikaze syndrome
what color is benazepril hydrochloride 10 film coated tablet	benazepril hydrochloride 10 film coated tablet
where was victor horta 's place of burial ?	victor horta
what genre does the game blaze out belong to	blaze out
what city did gustav ritter von kahr die in	gustav ritter von kahr
what caused the death of herculanus of perugia ?	herculanus of perugia
what is bob anderson 's country of nationality ?	bob anderson
under what label does the artist the tubes work	the tubes
what is a book in the suspense genre ?	suspense
what is prince caspian 's rank in fiction ?	prince caspian
what is an example of a bluegrass album ?	bluegrass
what royals are part of the timurid dynasty family	timurid dynasty
what type of music is featured in australia ep	australia ep
where in the netherlands did isaac van ostade die	isaac van ostade
what format was ballet bag released in initially ?	ballet bag
who was involved in the event operation uranus ?	operation uranus
which religion is byrraju ramalinga raju a part of	byrraju ramalinga raju
what 's a supernatural film directed by david decoteau	supernatural
what is henry iii of england 's gender ?	henry iii of england
what is crawford martin 's place of birth ?	crawford martin
what kind of album is dj-kicks : chromeo ?	dj-kicks : chromeo
what school type is the fisher valley college ?	the fisher valley college
what was the book based on the subject classics	classics
what type of rap album is nightmare in a-minor	nightmare in a-minor
what 's a book that alastair reynolds has published	alastair reynolds
who is part of the house of stuart ?	house of stuart
what was the subject of the periodical reason ?	reason
what is an example of a jazz album ?	jazz
what type of license does script editor have ?	script editor
in what language was forbidden to forbid filmed in	forbidden to forbid
who is the composer for the composition titled jérusalem	jérusalem
what was melvin white 's cause of death ?	melvin white
who is the birth father of carl theodor dreyer	carl theodor dreyer
which church does robert jaworski , jr. ascribe to	robert jaworski , jr.
what language is that 's not my name in	that 's not my name
mr. woodcock is categorized within what netflix genre ?	mr. woodcock
who handled the art direction for the last station	the last station
what kind of music genre is part the second	part the second
which country is the film the last sentinel from	the last sentinel
stephen jay gould wrote what piece of work ?	stephen jay gould
what type of music is billy talent iii ?	billy talent iii
what asteroid belt was discovered in palomar observatory ?	asteroid belt
what album is nothing else matters a part of	nothing else matters
what is the drug category of panthenol 0.02 shampoo	panthenol 0.02 shampoo
where did louis jones , jr. die ? /	louis jones , jr.
which city in northern poland is zbigniew kuzminski from	zbigniew kuzminski
what genre is the album telling secrets to strangers	telling secrets to strangers
what type of car is the studebaker big six	studebaker big six
what is the topic of leading from the center	leading from the center
what is the genre of one hour fantasy girl	one hour fantasy girl
who was the producer of gim me some truth	gim me some truth
who is the parent of petal blossom rainbow oliver	petal blossom rainbow oliver
what is a book written by robert louis stevenson	robert louis stevenson
what was the subject of the work cinnamon kiss	cinnamon kiss
what is an example of a history film ?	history
name someone who is famous for playing the cello	cello
who is the artist of love is a gift	love is a gift
what was involved in the siege of takatenjin ?	siege of takatenjin
what is an active ingredient in hepataplex 3/3/6/12/3/3/12/6/3/12/3 liquid	hepataplex 3/3/6/12/3/3/12/6/3/12/3 liquid
what songs have kelly willis written lyrics for ?	kelly willis
what 's one of the causes of major deforestation	deforestation
what type of music did raimonds pauls make ?	raimonds pauls
what kind of television show is mission : impossible	mission : impossible
what 's a song off of the album interpol	interpol
what city and state was michael wilhoite born in	michael wilhoite
what is an album by the artist pink floyd	pink floyd
what type of profession does rais yatim have ?	rais yatim
which position on the field did bo cornell play	bo cornell
what shape does methylphenidate hcl 20 tablet come in	methylphenidate hcl 20 tablet
name a film in the looney tunes film series	looney tunes
what album is winger ( band ) featured on	winger
what is released by the track pony boy ?	pony boy
what is the language of queen of housewives ?	queen of housewives
what kind of game is escape from colditz ?	escape from colditz
bergen county is located in what new jersey city	bergen county
name the compilation that contains the track sentido .	sentido
what type of thriller is the driver 's seat	the driver 's seat
which east asian language is sparrow filmed in ?	sparrow
who is an artist that creates latin pop music	latin pop
what is a book written by koji suzuki ?	koji suzuki
what is a film in the silent film genre	silent film
the tv show sola is under which genre ?	sola
what is the parent model of the macintosh plus	macintosh plus
where was the movie under the piano filmed ?	under the piano
what was the film format of leaves of grass	leaves of grass
what is the 3.1 episode of irt deadliest roads	irt deadliest roads
what is 9th wonder 's line of work ?	9th wonder
name a male whose profession is film producer .	film producer
where in europe was henri bosco born in ?	henri bosco
what country did call me mrs. miracle come from	call me mrs. miracle
what english player plays as a defender in football	defender
what area of activism is paul rostock associated with	paul rostock
which release was monster a release track off of	monster
name a pop music album by sarah brightman .	pop music
what is the genre of the album the circle	the circle
what kind of lake is etang de la moubra	etang de la moubra
what is graz a second level division of ?	graz
name an address in the postal code 80202 .	80202
in which film production studio was steel magnolias filmed	steel magnolias
what book has the subject of chinese food ?	chinese food
who wrote the song i forget you every day	i forget you every day
which genre is the film the house associated with	the house
what kind of music is on the greatest fits	the greatest fits
what type of netflix movie is the majorettes ?	the majorettes
what 's the name of a single-player video game	single-player video game
what kinds of music is played by eric stewart	eric stewart
what track list is from the release happenstance ?	happenstance
what is a track by eric d. clark ?	eric d. clark
what airports are in the dillingham census area ?	dillingham census area
which artist recorded act 2 : the bombie samba	act 2 : the bombie samba
name a band from the hip hop music genre	hip hop music
what country is the film the impossible elephant from	the impossible elephant
what religion does john iii of portugal ascribe to	john iii of portugal
what os was shogun : total war released on	shogun : total war
what is the instrument played by kelly groucutt ?	kelly groucutt
where was towelhead ( film ) filmed in ?	towelhead
what is a recording with the song grand canyon	grand canyon
who is the publisher for the game butterfly garden	butterfly garden
what type of movie is the bruce of bannockburn	the bruce of bannockburn
which location can be found in the united states	united states
what jazz album is produced by ten ton chicken	jazz
what is the release type of the album hymns	hymns
what is an art movement associated with eliseu visconti	eliseu visconti
who was the composer of the song the party	the party
what kind of netflix genre is the film alma	alma
which star system is 24 themis part of ?	24 themis
name an artist in the techno music genre .	techno music
what genre is the 1962 the manchurian candidate film	the manchurian candidate
what type of film was the dialectic of sex	the dialectic of sex
what 's the name of the recording for moscow	moscow
what type of musical genre does sky saxon create	sky saxon
in which release was the track i want candy	i want candy
which country is the film illicit dreams 2 from	illicit dreams 2
what is the name of a music album ?	album
who is the author of the book titled poems	poems
what is the the great starvation experiment book about	the great starvation experiment
who wrote the screenplay for the tomb of ligeia	the tomb of ligeia
where was the place of death of stefan zweig	stefan zweig
what song has michael nesmith written lyrics for ?	michael nesmith
what 's a language that anna paquin can speak	anna paquin
what is a radio station that plays fred astaire	fred astaire
in what country was swing under the swastika filmed	swing under the swastika
what is the postal code in hilo , hawaii	hilo , hawaii
what movie is a thriller ( genre ) ?	thriller
what format was free the music released in ?	free the music
what is the release type of plastic green head	plastic green head
what language was not so far away written in	not so far away
what kind of movie is fists and guts ?	fists and guts
in what media was la grande récréation created ?	la grande récréation
whats a movie title that is a netflix drama	drama
who was the executive producer of stuck in love	stuck in love
what is the release type of facts of life	facts of life
what 's a metropolitan area in eastern daylight time	eastern daylight time
name an artist on the radioio classic rnb .	radioio classic rnb
what is the genre associated with seven more minutes	seven more minutes
what is the architectural style of federal hall ?	federal hall
a secure digital card is compatible with what camera	secure digital card
does dr. chud play the drum kit or guitar	dr. chud
what kind of music is mark karan classified as	mark karan
what kind of film is jason and the argonauts	jason and the argonauts
what was written in wild thoughts from wild places	wild thoughts from wild places
how is the drug cocoa 0.05 injectable solution taken	cocoa 0.05 injectable solution
what kind of release did beautiful dangerous get ?	beautiful dangerous
what kind of school is wheeling jesuit university ?	wheeling jesuit university
which album has hard times as a track ?	hard times
what type of artwork did franz hanfstaengl create ?	franz hanfstaengl
what architectural style is hôtel costes structured after ?	hôtel costes
what was the director of miles from home ?	miles from home
which artist is credited with the recording arizona ?	arizona
whats the subject of the book christ au liban	christ au liban
who is the architect of the bass museum ?	bass museum
who is the architect of grand prince hotel akasaka	grand prince hotel akasaka
who is a notable person with multiple sclerosis ?	multiple sclerosis
what is an example of a b movie ?	b movie
what language is the movie bitter moon in ?	bitter moon
what is a book written about the internet ?	the internet
what type of movie is mera gaon mera desh	mera gaon mera desh
what city is the subject of the dud avocado	the dud avocado
whats the legal status of amoxicillin 200 soluable tablet	amoxicillin 200 soluable tablet
what genre does rabid dogs best fall under ?	rabid dogs
what is a title of a book on psychology	psychology
which village is located in the mountain time zone	mountain time zone
who is an artist that records trance music ?	trance music
stefan dechant was the art director of what film	stefan dechant
whats the title of a track featured on coriolis	coriolis
what documentary film is based on the dalai lama	documentary film
where in germany was eduard wehder born in ?	eduard wehder
what show did gary conway direct episodes for ?	gary conway
what is an example of an adventure book ?	adventure
what producing company released the winter 's tale ?	the winter 's tale
what kind of music does jim vallance make ?	jim vallance
what were the names of gaku hashimoto 's parents	gaku hashimoto
the album ima boss is by which artist ?	ima boss
what is the mouth name of the conejos river	conejos river
what kind of music does rosie hardman sing ?	rosie hardman
who directed `` stories on human rights ? ''	stories on human rights
what is a release from the track complication ?	complication
what category of celestial object is 7624 gluck ?	7624 gluck
what newspaper is from the university of leicester ?	university of leicester
what type of music is found on born dead	born dead
what is the second level division of brig ?	brig
who recorded the song happy happy birthday baby ?	happy happy birthday baby
what kind of movie is the gentle barn ?	the gentle barn
which european nation is johannes valentinus andreae from ?	johannes valentinus andreae
what kind of release is rare gems in ?	rare gems
how is captain blood : his odyssey bound ?	captain blood : his odyssey
what film maker is katie jackson the daughter of	katie jackson
which region was beautiful lumps of coal sold in	beautiful lumps of coal
what country is gaetano giallanza a natural citizen of	gaetano giallanza
columbus is located in what hud county place ?	columbus
what did the 1996 pat sin leng wildfire happen	1996 pat sin leng wildfire
what industry does bank of china operate in ?	bank of china
what is the capital of western roman empire ?	western roman empire
which production company created the film perfect strangers ?	perfect strangers
what is the birth place of dan namingha ?	dan namingha
what film was orry-kelly the costume designer for ?	orry-kelly
what field is martin franz julius luther active in	martin franz julius luther
who was the director of father knows breast ?	father knows breast
what film is a type of action film ?	action film
what country is the film two laws from ?	two laws
what 's an example of a novel film adaptation	film adaptation
what film is in the genre chinese movies ?	chinese movies
what is a book published by carroll & graf	carroll & graf
what does h. dieter zeh do for a living	h. dieter zeh
what type of music does gussie mueller play ?	gussie mueller
what is a release with a track named connecticut	connecticut
what is the genre of the program the dewarists	the dewarists
what 's a journal that deals with evolutionary biology	evolutionary biology
the sun is orbited by what main-belt minor planet	the sun
what is a comedy indie film released in 1922	indie film
what netflix genre does velvet goldmine fall under ?	velvet goldmine
which country is complete 800/10/165 chewable tablet available in	complete 800/10/165 chewable tablet
who is the developer of seiken densetsu 3 ?	seiken densetsu 3
what style of art is henri matisse known for	henri matisse
what is a book in the fiction genre ?	fiction
what genre of music is created by lorenzo ferrero	lorenzo ferrero
what project did mott , hay and anderson complete	mott , hay and anderson
based on what story is the the blob film	the blob
in what country was the aryan couple filmed ?	the aryan couple
which language is spoken in redacted ( film )	redacted
what was a significant battle in the paraguayan war	the paraguayan war
what does ( 10020 ) 1979 oq5 orbit ?	( 10020 ) 1979 oq5
what is the netflix genre of hidden heroes ?	hidden heroes
which location is found in aroostook county , maine	aroostook county
what country is the legend of bhagat singh from	the legend of bhagat singh
which genre of film was blood and black lace	blood and black lace
what state is altamonte springs , florida in ?	altamonte springs , florida
who sang last dollar ( fly away ) ?	last dollar ( fly away )
who was the executive producer of the film clue	clue
what is a track done by the artist paris	paris
what 's the name of a community in manche	manche
which dutch baseball player was born in curaçao ?	curaçao
in what american city was the book evolution published	evolution
what is the subject of wind from the abyss	wind from the abyss
who is the director of the theater production cascando	cascando
what kind of album is vienna master series ?	vienna master series
what form of art does beryl cook create ?	beryl cook
which artist performed on the album night lights ?	night lights
which tracks are found in the recording jewel ?	jewel
what is the name of a record producer ?	record producer
what is an example of gothic revival architecture ?	gothic revival architecture
which country was european free trade association associated with	european free trade association
what topic is discussed in a friend at midnight	a friend at midnight
which book edition by ted dekker was published ?	ted dekker
who is the author of the famous book metamorphosis	metamorphosis
what album has compilation album as its content ?	compilation album
what kind of game is kingdom hearts ii ?	kingdom hearts ii
what is the form for the composition only tomorrow	only tomorrow
what genre of music does the v make ?	the v
what genre would best describe manor houses of england	manor houses of england
what kind of genre is first man into space	first man into space
who is a founder of the paul frank industries	paul frank industries
what kinds of tv program is gardeners ' world	gardeners ' world
what was the cause of death of innokenty annensky	innokenty annensky
what is the gender of karl friedrich becker ?	karl friedrich becker
who is a well known person born in gelsenkirchen	gelsenkirchen
what release is the track one fine day from	one fine day
what is a city near the valea rece river	valea rece river
what kind of film is the manchurian candidate ?	the manchurian candidate
what artist released classic early solos ( 1934-1937 )	classic early solos ( 1934-1937 )
what was the primary release of the album au	au
who directed 1 , 2 , 3 , sun	1 , 2 , 3 , sun
what language was once in a while composed in	once in a while
what kind of game is power rangers time force	power rangers time force
name a person who died from a stabbing .	stabbing
where was steve forbes 's place of birth ?	steve forbes
what type of music is made by david guetta	david guetta
where in texas did the rocketboys come from ?	the rocketboys
what is an album by the isley brothers ?	the isley brothers
what type of book is the saint novel ?	saint
who was the producer of come home with me	come home with me
what type of show is sister , sister ?	sister , sister
what kind of martial art does mark medal practice	mark medal
what type of music does micah smaldone play ?	micah smaldone
what form of art does joão silva make ?	joão silva
what type of music does aishwarya uniyal play ?	aishwarya uniyal
what country does franz alexander claim nationality from ?	franz alexander
what is an album from the dream pop genre	dream pop
where did the the weather girls originate from ?	the weather girls
which album is the of the genre punk rock	punk rock
what type of tv show is house of lies	house of lies
who directed the boy who talked to badgers ?	the boy who talked to badgers
what kristian alfonso born in brockton or san francisco	kristian alfonso
what singer died as a result of internal bleeding	internal bleeding
which german town was julia hasting born in ?	julia hasting
what is the primary release on the album closer	closer
what is the album name from the electronica genre	electronica
what album is from the alternative country genre ?	alternative country
what genre of music is the album onlysee ?	onlysee
which genre of music is theo kogan associated with	theo kogan
in which state is 2nd rhode island cavalry located	2nd rhode island cavalry
what kind of movie is man from music mountain	man from music mountain
who is a person that died due to lymphoma	lymphoma
what games are on the xbox 360 platform ?	xbox 360
what is the name of a punk rock artist	punk rock
who is an artist known for classical music ?	classical music
what is will wilson 's place of birth ?	will wilson
what type of martial art does mario d'agata practice	mario d'agata
what is the content type of mexican joe ?	mexican joe
name a album within the progressive metal genre .	progressive metal
who is a founder of canadian health network ?	canadian health network
what type of school is boyle county high school	boyle county high school
what country is the tv show dracula from ?	dracula
which artist made murray perahia plays händel and scarlatti	murray perahia plays händel and scarlatti
what kind of music is pinetop perkins known for	pinetop perkins
what 's the parent model of macintosh quadra 700	macintosh quadra 700
what genre is the album songs from the heart	songs from the heart
what is the architectural style of reims cathedral ?	reims cathedral
what is bruno cerella 's country of origin ?	bruno cerella
what language is the mr. men show available in	the mr. men show
what is austin academy for excellence 's color ?	austin academy for excellence
what is the birth place of don manno ?	don manno
what century is the subject of so in love	so in love
which language is primarily used in anatomy of deception	anatomy of deception
what kind of music is the album gotan object	gotan object
what style of music does billy smiley preform ?	billy smiley
who is the composer that created hey mister heartache	hey mister heartache
what is a film in the concert film genre	concert film
what 's the title of a science fiction book	science fiction
what death metal album was released in 2007 ?	death metal
what edition did the book plato come from ?	plato
name a township in north american central time zone	central time zone
who is a person born in the united states	united states
who composed deer dancing round a broken mirror ?	deer dancing round a broken mirror
what formatting does a golden hour of ... have	a golden hour of ...
what company developed the game milon 's secret castle	milon 's secret castle
what recording is a representation of the track diamond	diamond
which country is the film light and shadow in	light and shadow
what genre of music does steve hofmeyr play ?	steve hofmeyr
what country was saddle the wind filmed in ?	saddle the wind
is routes to riches a funk or edm album	routes to riches
what ship class is hmas arunta ( i30 )	hmas arunta
what was the cause of death for hoagy carmichael	hoagy carmichael
which recordings contains the track new york city ?	new york city
in which australian state is malaga located in ?	malaga
what was safi of persia 's cause of death	safi of persia
what city in new york was robert aronowitz born	robert aronowitz
where in spain did hermann heller kick the bucket	hermann heller
list a drug that comes shaped as a circle	circle
what kind of movie is peter and the wolf	peter and the wolf
which movies released in netflix features deadly disasters ?	deadly disasters
what album was ballad released as a part of	ballad
whats the name of one of evanescence 's songs	evanescence
who 's a baseball player that 's an outfielder	outfielder
what is a video game published by eidos interactive	eidos interactive
what kind of album is dear mr. cole ?	dear mr. cole
what 's a humour book written by peggy bacon	humour
which name was the song atlantic ocean released under	atlantic ocean
what is a film produced by wyck godfrey ?	wyck godfrey
who was the executive producer of the film transcendence	transcendence
what is the name of a public high school	public high school
what is a book from the mystery literary genre	mystery
what type of martial art does glenn heywood practice	glenn heywood
which position in baseball did matt desalvo play ?	matt desalvo
what is the recording for the track aurora ?	aurora
what 's a landmark within the state of utah	utah
who wrote the lyrics for who feels love ?	who feels love ?
what gameplay mode can max payne be played in	max payne
what type of film is the brothers grimm ?	the brothers grimm
what is the country of origin for atlas ii	atlas ii
who was involved in the world war i ?	world war i
name a book published by the author e. nesbit	e. nesbit
what types of music is played by bobby kimball	bobby kimball
which drug formulation is used as an antacid ?	drug
name an american artist born in the united states	united states
what 's a company that specializes in professional diving	professional diving
where can sweet potato 0.1 injectable solution be injected	sweet potato 0.1 injectable solution
what is a song on the release fears ?	fears
who is an artist signed by rca records ?	rca
which county is the manteca junction located in ?	manteca junction
what artist is under alam el phan record label	alam el phan
what is a track released from b the magpie	b the magpie
what release type did objects of desire have ?	objects of desire
what kind of film is the grand role ?	the grand role
what is the name of a student in hollyoaks	student
what kind of book is the devil in velvet	the devil in velvet
which language is sung in do n't bother me	do n't bother me
what kinds of movie is franklin d. roosevelt speech	franklin d. roosevelt speech
what musical genre is the album best of kat-tun	best of kat-tun
what is julia strachey 's place of death ?	julia strachey
what was the release type of maldoror is dead	maldoror is dead
what is the name of a mystery from 1970	mystery
wher eis the brazil national ice hockey team based	brazil national ice hockey team
who is the artist of the recording abstract art	abstract art
who is someone who has died of multiple sclerosis	multiple sclerosis
who directed the tv show viking bikers from hell	viking bikers from hell
what school district is countryside high school in ?	countryside high school
what is an attraction is luxembourg ( city )	luxembourg
what type of musical album is surging ahead ?	surging ahead
what is a book that deals with military topics	military
in what country was treasure of the amazon filmed	treasure of the amazon
what genre of music is off the album soccerstar	soccerstar
what track list is found in the release sphinctour	sphinctour
who 's one of the people born in amherst	amherst
what position did the baseball player harry barton play	harry barton
who was the developer of super power league fx	super power league fx
what is the name of a fiction 1992 book	fiction
which language was fighting for love filmed in ?	fighting for love
what film festival incorporated crouching tiger , hidden dragon	crouching tiger , hidden dragon
name a composer who was born in united kingdom	united kingdom
what language is the mating season spoken in ?	the mating season
in which format did christina milian release music ?	christina milian
what type of game is zen nippon pro wrestling	zen nippon pro wrestling
name a track off the musical recording california .	california
what gameplay modes are offered for the game geon	geon
wtmy is a broadcast that serves what area ?	wtmy
what genre of music are the pussycat dolls ?	the pussycat dolls
what is the name of a rock music album	rock music
what is some content created by electric light orchestra	electric light orchestra
name a location in washington ( u.s. state )	washington
in which country is the katingan language spoken ?	katingan language
what 's an example of a house music album	house music
what country did princess isabella of croÿ die in	princess isabella of croÿ
which sports profession does shad meier play as ?	shad meier
what kind of film is the secret of trees	the secret of trees
what is the genre of smoke and mirrors ?	smoke and mirrors
what is a film title produced by youssef chahine	youssef chahine
what is an example of a studio album ?	studio album
what canadian ice hockey player was born in kamloops	kamloops
what position does dextor clinkscale play in american football	dextor clinkscale
who is the manufacturer of arado ar 67 ?	arado ar 67
what ingredient can not be had in veganism ?	veganism
what sports team is in baton rouge , louisiana	baton rouge , louisiana
what is an example of a netflix drama ?	drama
where was face to face - fever released ?	face to face - fever
what type of artwork has thomas cole made ?	thomas cole
what format was the golden afternoon released in ?	the golden afternoon
what was the teller of tales written about ?	the teller of tales
what does craven county , north carolina contain ?	craven county
what art form describes portrait of john wilkes booth	portrait of john wilkes booth
what does alice mcdermott do for a living ?	alice mcdermott
which is the county seat of tuscaloosa county ?	tuscaloosa county
which band produced the album styx yesterday & today	styx yesterday & today
where is the show chanelle : wannabe popstar from	chanelle : wannabe popstar
where was its all in the fingers filmed ?	its all in the fingers
what artist made wae 's me for prince charlie	wae 's me for prince charlie
what is a neighborhood in the city of stamford	stamford
what pop band got its name from anni-frid lyngstad	anni-frid lyngstad
what is the gender of riley james ferguson ?	riley james ferguson
which language was it takes a thief filmed in	it takes a thief
who was the composer on gim me the car	gim me the car
what type of music does krgy station play ?	krgy
which language is the film kill the moonlight from	kill the moonlight
what kind of album is subliminal sessions 6 ?	subliminal sessions 6
what state is joseph w. baldwin house in ?	joseph w. baldwin house
who 's a general born in komae , tokyo	komae , tokyo
who is the composer of addicted to you ?	addicted to you
what is the genre of the comic strip megatokyo	megatokyo
name someone who plays the defender position in football	defender
would you classify janine lamanna as male or female	janine lamanna
what group was samuel irving rosenman apart of ?	samuel irving rosenman
where was kamilou daouda 's place of birth ?	kamilou daouda
what is the subject of hello and goodbye ?	hello and goodbye
what kind of book is the road to damascus	the road to damascus
what is the format of zurück zur werbung ?	zurück zur werbung
what type of school is ernest righetti high school	ernest righetti high school
which military personnel was involved in the korean war	korean war
summer songs 2000 was what type of album type	summer songs 2000
which reality show is ladies night a part of	ladies night
who was the author editor of sandworms of dune	sandworms of dune
what is a song by the john benjamin band	the john benjamin band
what 's the title track off of birthday girl	birthday girl
what is the title track on the hudson river	hudson river
who is a parent of pierre de fermat ?	pierre de fermat
what is the name of a track by plies	plies
name a founder from the alabama power company .	alabama power company
which beatles member is lennon murphy named after ?	lennon murphy
what film is jose luis alcaine credited with cinematography	jose luis alcaine
who 's a director born in new york city	new york city
what is an administrative division of antigua and barbuda	antigua and barbuda
who did the music for the afterglow fil ,	afterglow
what does kevin lee miller do for a living÷	kevin lee miller
what color is the educational institution mordialloc secondary college	mordialloc secondary college
what type of literary genre is bone walker ?	bone walker
mark thomas is a national of what country ?	mark thomas
what is a track recorded by peter frampton ?	peter frampton
which actor was born in denver , colorado ?	denver , colorado
what art movement is henry moore associated with ?	henry moore
what city in france did faouzi kasri die in	faouzi kasri
who did the music for the film resurrection ?	resurrection
what kind of motion picture is the boy friend	the boy friend
the chalatenango department is a department of what ?	chalatenango department
what is a work by the gaumont film company	gaumont film company
34th & 8th is what type of album ?	34th & 8th
what is a character with teacher as their occupation	teacher
what is the name of a defender in soccer	defender
what was the release format of nova classics six	nova classics six
which lgbt films were directed by jim hubbard ?	lgbt
which written works has family as the subject ?	family
what city is banco de bilbao tower located in	banco de bilbao tower
what city is the european route e22 located in	european route e22
what 's a novel that wilhelmina grubbly-plank appears in	wilhelmina grubbly-plank
what newspaper can be found in spartanburg county ?	spartanburg county
state a track on the release tuloy ang ligaya	tuloy ang ligaya
what radio station can william ackerman be heard on	william ackerman
what artist made the album make it last forever	make it last forever
what was the successor model of the jaguar xk150	jaguar xk150
is la shawn k. ford a man or woman	la shawn k. ford
which city did polly umrigar pass away in ?	polly umrigar
where in south america is manuel dorrego from ?	manuel dorrego
what language is used in ooh ! my head	ooh ! my head
what is an interest of philosopher surco saramago ?	surco saramago
what genre of book is the mysterious island ?	the mysterious island
name a track off the musical release superstar .	superstar
what type of music does arsen shomakhov play ?	arsen shomakhov
which language is the film i am kalam in	i am kalam
what topic gallery does franklin d. roosevelt appear in	franklin d. roosevelt
what genre of music is adieu shinjuku zulu considered	adieu shinjuku zulu
what type of movie is the ace of hearts	the ace of hearts
what is an example of a visual novel game	visual novel
what is a video game developed by bizarre creations	bizarre creations
which country was blood on her hands made in	blood on her hands
what is a company within the mining industry ?	mining
is fred claus in the english language or french	fred claus
in what city and state was terry beeson born	terry beeson
what shape is the bonine 25 chewable tablet in	bonine 25 chewable tablet
what is an edition of a single shard called	a single shard
what film is a type of war film ?	war film
where was the mighty mighty dells originally released ?	the mighty mighty dells
what game is played on a game boy ?	game boy
what mountain range is mauna kea a part of	mauna kea
what flavor is tussin original 100 liquid available in	tussin original 100 liquid
the track set it off is from what recording	set it off
which country was adventures of william tell made in	adventures of william tell
what 's a post secondary public school in cuba	public school
what is a time zone of of bizzarone ?	bizzarone
what is the location of clarence streit 's death	clarence streit
what is a compilation album by creedence clearwater revival	creedence clearwater revival
who is a famous artist known for digital art	digital art
to what film is damon runyon a contributor ?	damon runyon
which position did herby fortunat play in football ?	herby fortunat
which airport does the airline air one services ?	air one
what was seymour parker gilbert 's profession ?	seymour parker gilbert
what does ( 12385 ) 1994 uo orbit	( 12385 ) 1994 uo
who is the singer of only women bleed	only women bleed
who was an advisor for irving langmuir ?	irving langmuir
whats a version of the single titled star	star
what is a song by john rutter ?	john rutter
what is the film tempo di uccidere about	tempo di uccidere
what 's the time zone in sub-saharan africa	sub-saharan africa
who is the chid of fritz leiber ?	fritz leiber
what is the language of the invaders ?	the invaders
what was bill hosket , jr. 's position	bill hosket , jr.
what system is used for electric power distribution	electric power distribution
what album was the song greenland featured on	greenland
which city was eric s. rosengren born in	eric s. rosengren
which time zone is grybów located in ?	grybów
what country was the fame monster done in	the fame monster
who is the author from the dresden files	the dresden files
where was robert harris ( painter ) born	robert harris
what disease claimed the life of fern emmett	fern emmett
who is an indian musician who plays guitar	guitar
what type of game is half-life 2 ?	half-life 2
who is an artist that makes symbolism ?	symbolism
what is a song by the cure ?	the cure
what 's a science fiction movie featuring godzilla	science fiction
what is a film in the genre drama	drama
who wrote the film the family friend ?	the family friend
which sport does the staten island yankees play	staten island yankees
what is the subject of american elk ?	american elk
what group was created by william s. burroughs	william s. burroughs
what is a model made by ibm ?	ibm
what country produced the film the haunting passion	the haunting passion
who recorded the song foggy mountain breakdown ?	foggy mountain breakdown
what is a book by jules verne ?	jules verne
what is the nationality of daniel gilfether ?	daniel gilfether
who authored the marshal makes his report ?	the marshal makes his report
who was involved in american revolutionary war ?	american revolutionary war
is punk rock rarities a album or dvd	punk rock rarities
netflix lists hell raiders as what genre ?	hell raiders
what type of game is the grandest fleet	the grandest fleet
what area does wmjc radio station play for	wmjc
who is the daughter of kim richards ?	kim richards
what kind of book is the sheltering sky	the sheltering sky
what jurisdiction does royal canadian air force cover	royal canadian air force
what baseball position does fred cooke play ?	fred cooke
what types of format is the silent hours	the silent hours
who 's a musician that plays folk music	folk music
which places contains the zip code 17082 ?	17082
what kind of music is lover , lover	lover , lover
what kind of music does coldcut make ?	coldcut
which position does matthias ostrzolek play in football	matthias ostrzolek
who is the son of sharon sedaris ?	sharon sedaris
which city is near the peabody essex museum	peabody essex museum
what is frederick h. prince 's nationality ?	frederick h. prince
what is a football film on netflix ?	football
what is the gender of hsien wu ?	hsien wu
what a release from the album robin hood	robin hood
what kind of music does russell javors make	russell javors
which level of education is glendale high school	glendale high school
what 's an example of a romance film	romance film
which 1995 album contains the song 2000 ?	2000
who 's a musician working with casablanca records	casablanca records
what 's a topic discussed in jantar mantar	jantar mantar
what was candy csencsits 's place of death	candy csencsits
what track is cuba a recording of ?	cuba
who is a character of dc universe ?	dc universe
what does bob harras do for a job	bob harras
how was a state of trance 2006 released	a state of trance 2006
doubleday ( publisher ) published what book ?	doubleday
what is a kind of romance film ?	romance film
which airline is in the air canada jazz	jazz
whats the title of a action film movie	action film
name a game in the steampunk genre .	steampunk
who 's a musician that plays pop music	pop music
who 's an actress killed by cardiovascular disease	cardiovascular disease
what genre of music does bernie shaw play	bernie shaw
who wrote new york , i love you	new york , i love you
what species is mastermind ( jason wyngarde )	mastermind ( jason wyngarde )
where is the administrative division in algeria ?	algeria
which tracks are recorded by andy allo ?	andy allo
how is ( 35063 ) 1988 fd classified	( 35063 ) 1988 fd
what position does andreas menger play in football	andreas menger
caetano veloso contributed music to which film ?	caetano veloso
what kind of game is wwf wrestlemania 2000	wwf wrestlemania 2000
who is the author editor of unconditional life	unconditional life
what type of music does dr. luke create	dr. luke
which county is eagle 's nest located in	eagle 's nest
is the collection a compact disc or dvd	the collection
what a famous image of the apostolic age	apostolic age
which instrument is franz schmidt known for playing	franz schmidt
which language is paranoia 1.0 filmed in ?	paranoia 1.0
which area is the administrative parent of jingzhou	jingzhou
where in new zealand was jason macy born	jason macy
what is the language spoken in melody cruise	melody cruise
what kind of game is rolling thunder 3	rolling thunder 3
where is the location of pima county ?	pima county
what kind of film is finding neverland ?	finding neverland
what is the gender of frank mcintyre ?	frank mcintyre
what was a song written by kelly willis	kelly willis
who is the parent of jason london ?	jason london
what company published the game bejeweled 2 deluxe	bejeweled 2 deluxe
where in texas does kmrk-fm serve in ?	kmrk-fm
what artists are signed to universal music group	universal music group
what is alex hardy 's baseball position ?	alex hardy
how would you classify legion of super heroes	legion of super heroes
which california city was william lopez born in	william lopez
what is a version of the single excalibur	excalibur
what occupation is john riedling known for ?	john riedling
what is pupo de luca 's profession ?	pupo de luca
what 's an asteroid in the asteroid belt	asteroid belt
which cooking show has an episode in london	london
what was the release for hard times ?	hard times
what is a song made by mos def	mos def
what kind of work does shirish kunder do	shirish kunder
which rugby league does paul ackford play for	paul ackford
what city was james dean schulte born in	james dean schulte
what kind of film is something always happens	something always happens
what band recorded your future our clutter ?	your future our clutter
where is san giovanni in persiceto located ?	san giovanni in persiceto
what kind of company is coffee 1 ?	coffee 1
which language is primarily used in nuba conversations	nuba conversations
what category of celestial object is 21731 zhuruochen	21731 zhuruochen
what 's an album that tuomas holopainen produced	tuomas holopainen
what are the ingredients for fizzy apple cocktail	fizzy apple cocktail
what is oklahoma a notable example of ?	oklahoma
what is a release on the recording reject	reject
where is ambrym , southeast language spoken ?	ambrym , southeast language
which genre of film is love story ?	love story
who is the composer for romeo + juliet	romeo + juliet
what parisian suburb did robert brasillach die in	robert brasillach
what kind of book is the magic city	the magic city
what is the name of a solar system	solar system
what type of school is ryerson university ?	ryerson university
what work has been written about gene wolfe	gene wolfe
what is a tablet used to treat hypertension	tablet
what is a film produced by relativity media	relativity media
who wrote the story for the film naam	naam
who was the developer of mortal kombat 3	mortal kombat 3
what is a track on the recording arthur	arthur
what type of film is the perfect crime	the perfect crime
what type of movie is home before dark	home before dark
what is the gender of lex bos ?	lex bos
which film did bappi lahiri work on music	bappi lahiri
who is the father of manu ginóbili ?	manu ginóbili
what 's an example of an indie film	indie film
what is a composition by kenny wayne shepherd	kenny wayne shepherd
what is the gender of matt winston ?	matt winston
what is an album by mississippi fred mcdowell	mississippi fred mcdowell
what is the main language of police surgeon	police surgeon
what organizations are ted henter the founder of	ted henter
what 's a documentary film released in 2007	documentary film
who is a character from the marvel universe	marvel universe
where is kinnauri , bhoti language spoken ?	kinnauri , bhoti language
the artist angizia does what type of music	angizia
who directed the film ride the wild surf	ride the wild surf
what is the shape of bystolic 2.5 tablet	bystolic 2.5 tablet
what is the notable type of kansas city	kansas city
what type of album is when pigs fly	when pigs fly
what genre of movie is the double ?	the double
what country was the movie beau-père filmed in	beau-père
what is ryosuke hirata 's position in baseball	ryosuke hirata
where is the tourist attraction dover castle located	dover castle
what is the genre of the album phobia	phobia
which time zone is leeds located in ?	leeds
which language was the red scream written in	the red scream
what is the casino theme of online casino	online casino
what was the occupation of james michael curley	james michael curley
what books are written on internal medicine ?	internal medicine
who was the artist that recorded hard times	hard times
what is the genre in which deepsky performs	deepsky
name an album by the artist 9th wonder	9th wonder
what album features the recording of another day	another day
what is the miniature version of the poodle	poodle
what is nicolas de pruysenaere 's gender ?	nicolas de pruysenaere
whats the name of a death metal musician	death metal
what is the subdiscipline of cultural history ?	cultural history
who wrote the screenplay for the wild child	the wild child
what is a track off the bulletproof album	bulletproof
what is a symptom of turner syndrome ?	turner syndrome
who is a model ( person ) ?	model
what city did siegfried fischer pass away ?	siegfried fischer
what is the name of a short film	short film
what 's a medical spray that includes testosterone	testosterone
what 's a soundtrack written by anthony marinelli	soundtrack
which baseball position did steve brye play ?	steve brye
what ethnicity does joe phillips identify as ?	joe phillips
what war was apart of the sitgreaves expedition	sitgreaves expedition
what 's a radio program that plays u2	u2
what 's the active ingredient found in telmisartan	telmisartan
which places were filmed in space cowboys ?	space cowboys
which netflix genre is withnail and i from	withnail and i
which austrailian state is shire of aramac in	shire of aramac
which country was the film the hitcher from	the hitcher
what is the judicial capital of arunachal pradesh	arunachal pradesh
what films were produced under new line cinema	new line cinema
which country was luis lópez nieves born in	luis lópez nieves
what is an example of a romance film	romance film
what type of disc was kramahoperrata released on	kramahoperrata
what does aide iskandar do for a living	aide iskandar
what films are directed by brian blessed ?	brian blessed
what type of rugby does chris chapman play	chris chapman
what kind of release was up the dose	up the dose
is aerius of sebaste male or female ?	aerius of sebaste
what kind of music is aziatix known for	aziatix
what kind of album is canti randagi 2	canti randagi 2
who was the lyricist from ten years gone	ten years gone
what musician wrote not such a bad boy	not such a bad boy
which latvian city did andrejs pumpurs die in	andrejs pumpurs
what is valerie vaz 's country of nationality	valerie vaz
what kind of work does birdlife international do	birdlife international
what is the nationality of barry simon ?	barry simon
what is the book genre of crossings ?	crossings
what kind of release is new religion ?	new religion
name someone who is well known for painting	painting
from what european country is anna campion from	anna campion
what type of animal is funshine bear ?	funshine bear
who are characters that have psychokinesis abilities ?	psychokinesis
what style of music is antonio braga in	antonio braga
name a track produced by bryan adams .	bryan adams
what is d. angus macdonald 's profession ?	d. angus macdonald
what is a composition by bob dylan ?	bob dylan
where was the death place of marwan al-shehhi	marwan al-shehhi
what sort of movie is the d train	the d train
what political movement did keren hayesod believe in	keren hayesod
what is the nationality of parker macdonald ?	parker macdonald
what country is john viener a citizen of	john viener
which company published the game ncaa football 08	ncaa football 08
what is uss indiana ( bb-58 ) ?	uss indiana ( bb-58 )
what is the recording flesh off of ?	flesh
is one to one pop music or rock	one to one
what is a composition from paul dukas ?	paul dukas
who wrote the film the pink panther ?	the pink panther
who is a person born in gretna green	gretna green
what is ali akbar nategh nouri 's religion	ali akbar nategh nouri
which language was red satin recorded in ?	red satin
who was jigme khesar namgyel wangchuck influenced by	jigme khesar namgyel wangchuck
what language is the r-point film in ?	r-point
which netflix genre is aggar apart of ?	aggar
what country is the film kingman from ?	kingman
what genre is bloodfist vi : ground zero	bloodfist vi : ground zero
what is the language of the crossing ?	the crossing
who is an artist that plays rap rock	rap rock
to what film did lennie niehaus contribute music	lennie niehaus
is semmelweis university a public or private school	semmelweis university
who is the manufacturer for soriatane 25 capsule	soriatane 25 capsule
what type of rock does anton newcombe play	anton newcombe
which country created the film doomed at sundown	doomed at sundown
what genre does when boys fly fall under	when boys fly
from what eastern city is rusty magee from	rusty magee
what is the origin of the artist akido	akido
what kind of music is hotter than july	hotter than july
what type of celestial object is 6281 strnad	6281 strnad
who directed fancy pants ( film ) ?	fancy pants
what genre of music does rage perform ?	rage
where did remergence get their start at ?	remergence
what type of ruler was ptolemy xii auletes	ptolemy xii auletes
what type of album is the outsider ?	the outsider
which industry does carib aviation operate in ?	carib aviation
who plays as a small forward in basketball	small forward
what film genre is the book club ?	the book club
who is the parent of hayley hasselhoff ?	hayley hasselhoff
what is a located based in maine ?	maine
what language was ghost legion written in ?	ghost legion
which football position does marius ebbers play ?	marius ebbers
what 's an album by the band portal	album
what operating system uses ssh file transfer protocol	ssh file transfer protocol
what album is by the dixie chicks ?	the dixie chicks
what album can david be found on ?	david
what kind of school is fudan international school	fudan international school
what kinds of music is cosmo 's factory	cosmo 's factory
what composition form is hallowed be thy name	hallowed be thy name
what is a song off the album india	india
who is a famous austrian film director ?	film director
where is the show the x show from	the x show
what art movement was franz west involved with	franz west
what is the make of the buick limited	buick limited
what is an example of a netflix sitcom	sitcom
is margaret alva a politician or a technician	margaret alva
what championship did new england patriots win ?	new england patriots
what book is a work of fiction ?	fiction
what type of museum is kunsthaus graz ?	kunsthaus graz
whats the name of a television comedy program	television comedy
what has jimmy jam and terry lewis produced	jimmy jam and terry lewis
what type of faith does david seaborg practice	david seaborg
what kind of fiction is the cerulean storm	the cerulean storm
name an album by william schwenck gilbert .	william schwenck gilbert
what is an episode of the west wing	the west wing
what building did edward clarke cabot design ?	edward clarke cabot
what mountain range is in new york ?	new york
what city has a neighborhood called quality hill	quality hill
which country is the river pârâul noroios in	pârâul noroios
which album did johann sebastian bach record ?	johann sebastian bach
in what language was salim the film in	salim
what industry is the business straylight studios in	straylight studios
what is the genre of the album faithful	faithful
in which chinese city was chien shih-liang born	chien shih-liang
who was the producer of the station agent	the station agent
what is a track from the album bulletproof	bulletproof
where was the discovery location of 12615 mendesdeleon	12615 mendesdeleon
in which northern county is mansfield township located	mansfield township
who uploaded the content about poland to freebase	poland
which country released tarzan and the leopard woman	tarzan and the leopard woman
what form is potassium iodide 65 solution in	potassium iodide 65 solution
what is the color of synthroid 112 tablet	synthroid 112 tablet
who wrote knights of the kitchen table ?	knights of the kitchen table
what 's jason krieger 's country of origin	jason krieger
what profession is andre brown known for ?	andre brown
what kind of vehicle is the 9 bellamy	9 bellamy
what is a known track by 24-7 spyz	24-7 spyz
what cities are in the united states ?	united states
what language is used in the film 82	82
the black cauldron is what type of book	the black cauldron
which country does ashwin navin have nationality in	ashwin navin
what kind of music does aisa senda play	aisa senda
who is the recording artist for palo alto	palo alto
what kind of movie is portrait of chieko	portrait of chieko
what is isabelle welter known for being ?	isabelle welter
what is the genre for the movie oxygen	oxygen
what kind of tv show is stage show	stage show
what kind of release was feasting on blood	feasting on blood
name a notable figure born in costa rica	costa rica
whats the name of ken saro-wiwa 's child	ken saro-wiwa
who is an artist on liberty records ?	liberty records
who directed the film grave of the fireflies	grave of the fireflies
in which platform does the game burgertime run	burgertime
what kind of film is third time lucky	third time lucky
which city was charles w. gannon born in	charles w. gannon
what language was thumbs up filmed in ?	thumbs up
what kind of album is magic touch ?	magic touch
which city did ramon margalef pass away in	ramon margalef
what is a thriller ( genre ) film	thriller
which districk is located in krishnanagar , nadia	krishnanagar , nadia
which wine in produced by los carneros ava	los carneros
what kind of music does the misunderstood play	the misunderstood
what is the name of a film producer	film producer
what kind of music does avra play ?	avra
which rock band was signed to arista records	arista records
what country was aneta grosu born in ?	aneta grosu
what type of celestial object is 630 euphemia	630 euphemia
what film has a 35 mm film format	35 mm film
what is gloria de piero 's gender ?	gloria de piero
what is the nationality of olga souza ?	olga souza
what school did author david leavitt attend ?	david leavitt
what is the name of a popular midfielder	midfielder
what kind of music does liz green play	liz green
what are netflix titles in the france genre	france
what films did george martin work on ?	george martin
what are people born in les andelys called	les andelys
what artists record in the genre ska ?	ska
in what region was spoken greatest hits released	spoken greatest hits
what type of genre is the movie swindled	swindled
what kind of technological platform supports nokia n78	nokia n78
what nationality is lew krausse , sr .	lew krausse
what music genre is soul caddy under ?	soul caddy
whats the name of a game atari developed	atari
what band recorded the best and the rest	the best and the rest
what type of animal is a catalan sheepdog	catalan sheepdog
what was aasai 's country of origin ?	aasai
what 's a release from the recording sahara	sahara
what kind of a film is black arrow	black arrow
is ferruccio furlanetto a male of a female	ferruccio furlanetto
what is a song by rodolphe burger ?	rodolphe burger
what kind of music is on 2cents ?	2cents
what country is the film holy cross from	holy cross
what release did fever come off of ?	fever
what type of gallery is the cobra museum	cobra museum
what kind of music does capital birmingham play	capital birmingham
what gender is american entrepreneur angelo sotira ?	angelo sotira
name a song written by king curtis .	king curtis
what language describes it could always be worse	it could always be worse
what country made the robin williams film hook	hook
where in europe was ki dit mié released	ki dit mié
what is the nationality of lily pons ?	lily pons
who designed the costume for the movie copenhagen	copenhagen
which country does the misir river run through	misir river
what is loy allen bowlin 's nationality ?	loy allen bowlin
what kind of guitar can florian opahle play	florian opahle
what is located in the kaysville , utah	kaysville , utah
what genre of music does paul field sing	paul field
what 's a short film released in 1912	short film
what 's a romance film released in 1959	romance film
what indian city was pendyala nageswara rao born	pendyala nageswara rao
which country was new way out released in	new way out
what book was written by hermann hesse ?	hermann hesse
which baseball position is steve adkins charged of	steve adkins
which genre of music does frank black make	frank black
which artist is known for creating blues music	blues music
is namastey london a romance film or comedy	namastey london
what is a track from the last supper	the last supper
what rock band is on paper bag records	paper bag records
what does alexander macfarlane do for a living	alexander macfarlane
what type of video game is quattro power	quattro power
what is marcus bent a notable example of	marcus bent
which licenses does the sympy software have ?	sympy
what language is used in forget about it	forget about it
which religion is worshiped at cathedral of magdeburg	cathedral of magdeburg
what is an album from paolo conte ?	paolo conte
what style of music is featured on hyperacuity	hyperacuity
which country was the mera shikar filmed in	mera shikar
which european nation is rudi hedman from ?	rudi hedman
what area is arthur moore an activist for	arthur moore
what is a track off the cubism record	cubism
what genre of movie is the main event	the main event
what game is published by majesco entertainment ?	majesco entertainment
what is the first level division of ruggell	ruggell
whats the name of a female fictional character	female
what was lew palter 's place of birth	lew palter
who was a producer from the britney release	britney
what label are the legarde twins signed to	the legarde twins
what is military madness a recording of ?	military madness
what 's an example of an animated cartoon	animated cartoon
which book talks about a city 's history	history
what 's an example of a grunge album	grunge
what is the profession of eagle-eye cherry ?	eagle-eye cherry
what kind of school is crichton college ?	crichton college
what city did edwin forrest pass away in	edwin forrest
who wrote the book shadow over mars ?	shadow over mars
what film is directed by stacy peralta ?	stacy peralta
what 's a song written by irma thomas	irma thomas
what kind of music does julianne baird make	julianne baird
what kind of album is jazz double bill	jazz double bill
who is a person that died from pneumonia	pneumonia
who is a soccer player that plays midfielder	midfielder
in which southern county is old harmony located	old harmony
which military conflict did william downey participate in	william downey
which track came from the release titled occult	occult
what is an example of a black-and-white film	black-and-white
what is methyldopa 250 film coated tablet ?	methyldopa 250 film coated tablet
which compilation album was released in 2005 ?	album
what is the name of an aerospace company	aerospace
which country created the film crazy over horses	crazy over horses
who composed the music for eat pray love	eat pray love
what school was named after ignatius of loyola	ignatius of loyola
what 's a temple found in chiang mai	chiang mai
what was the track list on personalidade ?	personalidade
what instrument does the artist ryan leslie play	ryan leslie
where in the world is birmingham-shuttlesworth international airport	birmingham-shuttlesworth international airport
what song is from the release evolution ?	evolution
which musical films were broadcasted in israel ?	musical
what is 8703 nakanotadao a member of ?	8703 nakanotadao
what genre of film is nissash amar tumi	nissash amar tumi
where did philip b. thompson , jr. die	philip b. thompson , jr.
where did the artist matt lowell come from	matt lowell
what country is welcome to the show from	welcome to the show
what constellation is ursa major found in ?	ursa major
who wrote for the love of a daughter	for the love of a daughter
what type of license does adobe acrobat have	adobe acrobat
what platform is needed to play samurai shodown	samurai shodown
who recorded concerto for violin and orchestra ?	concerto for violin and orchestra
what is a track from praying mantis ?	praying mantis
which european country is fugue filmed in ?	fugue
what is moses brings plenty 's job ?	moses brings plenty
what is the game version of fuzion frenzy	fuzion frenzy
what is the release track on wicked wonder	wicked wonder
what 's a recorded version of miss america	miss america
which compilation album was released in 1995 ?	compilation album
what type of architecture is kunsthaus tacheles considered	kunsthaus tacheles
what type of film is strange wilderness ?	strange wilderness
which capital city did park chung-hee die in	park chung-hee
what is the name of a known asteroid	asteroid
which time zone can brwinów be found in	brwinów
what release is from the recording jerusalem ?	jerusalem
what 's an example of an asteroid ?	asteroid
who is the child of cabell calloway ii	cabell calloway ii
what record label is tori amos signed to	tori amos
what country is carl veart originally from ?	carl veart
what kind of film is november son ?	november son
what revolutionary war did james richards participate in	james richards
what type of lake is medina lake ?	medina lake
what is the active ingredient of titanium dioxide	titanium dioxide
who were the parents of blake cox ?	blake cox
who is the founder of the organization rifftrax	rifftrax
name a west coast hip hop album .	west coast hip hop
what album is the song master featured on	master
what language do the characters speak in midnight	midnight
what type of school is academia maria reina	academia maria reina
what profession does marianne vi britannia belong to	marianne vi britannia
which weight division does john mccormack fight in	john mccormack
what season does the episode norway appear in	norway
what type of composition is bo diddley ?	bo diddley
what style of music does mika bomb perform	mika bomb
in what format was the box released ?	the box
what type of album is the album milestones	milestones
what is 12617 angelusilesius a part of ?	12617 angelusilesius
what film was william schifrin the writer of	william schifrin
brazil is a release track from what recording	brazil
what 's an example of a silent film	silent film
what language was in the film mumbai matinee	mumbai matinee
name a cinematographer of the film rango ?	rango
what is an example of victorian architecture ?	victorian architecture
which australian state was matt benson-lidholm born in	matt benson-lidholm
what track is under the release arise ?	arise
who created the fictional universe of lost ?	lost
from what release is the track barcelona from	barcelona
what is a comedy film made in india	comedy film
what type of music is the city drive	the city drive
in which city was carrie stevens born ?	carrie stevens
what religious practice does morris dees participate in	morris dees
name a member from the group tempest .	tempest
who was the ruler of the bahamas ?	bahamas
what film was sebastian pfaffenbichler the cinematographer of	sebastian pfaffenbichler
what position does lucio esposito play in football	lucio esposito
what is the religion of ayesha takia ?	ayesha takia
what was a release in the recording mercy	mercy
in which language is the growth movie spoken	growth
which war did chalmers wylie participate in ?	chalmers wylie
where is the neon philharmonic originally from ?	the neon philharmonic
is past and present heavy metal or pop	past and present
who did the music for love story 2050	love story 2050
what 's an example of a public school	public school
what position does david owen play in soccer	david owen
what language to people speak in samoa ?	samoa
which protocol is used in ibm data studio	ibm data studio
what ideology does the new patriotic party believe	new patriotic party
what is the birth place of lynn johnson	lynn johnson
what song was performed by girls against boys	girls against boys
the release track armageddon is from which recording	armageddon
what is a song by the velvet underground	the velvet underground
which time zone is wilson apart of ?	wilson
name of theater director richard eyre 's plays	richard eyre
what series is david spade an episode from	david spade
what country is city of wakefield in ?	city of wakefield
what film is considered a b movie ?	b movie
what film genre is 21 and a wake-up	21 and a wake-up
what amusement park is dragon mountain in ?	dragon mountain
which empire did didius julianus ruled over ?	didius julianus
what is the art form of meryl lebowitz	meryl lebowitz
what type of genre is the braineater ?	the braineater
what type of music does yolandi visser create	yolandi visser
which country does matthew charles have nationality in	matthew charles
what is the time zone of malcesine ?	malcesine
what film did john debney create music for	john debney
what kind of film is the 40-year-old virgin	the 40-year-old virgin
which city houses the neighborhood weeksville , brooklyn	weeksville , brooklyn
which type of music does jaki liebezeit release	jaki liebezeit
what kind of object is 2999 dante ?	2999 dante
what book genre is the dragonbone chair ?	the dragonbone chair
whats the name of an indie rock album	indie rock
what type of game is hit the ice	hit the ice
what is the gender of ethel scull ?	ethel scull
what was masonic spiritual architecture written about ?	masonic spiritual architecture
who was the casting director of summer hours	summer hours
where is a place to visit in california	california
what crime was dian fossey a victim of	dian fossey
what genre is the album stormwarning classifed under	stormwarning
what is the music featured on the fountain	the fountain
who is the author of bad hare day	bad hare day
what sovereign state is konawaruk river located in	konawaruk river
what books have edgar allan poe written ?	edgar allan poe
what kind of film is kohlhiesel 's daughters	kohlhiesel 's daughters
what nation is michael moore originally from ?	michael moore
what kind of music does robert clivillés make	robert clivillés
name a competitor in miss universe 2004 .	miss universe 2004
what track is by green river ordinance ?	green river ordinance
what is mehrab hossain , jr. 's gender	mehrab hossain , jr.
name an album in the electronica genre ?	electronica
what is an example of a satire film	satire
what is a book paul scott authored ?	paul scott
name a track off of the recording dangerous	dangerous
who was born in durham , north carolina	durham , north carolina
what kind of music does michel lalonde perform	michel lalonde
what is the genre of the film holden	holden
what country was jim kyle born in ?	jim kyle
what musician created share your love with me	share your love with me
where did the organization partido acción nacional form	partido acción nacional
name a person born in san francisco .	san francisco
who published the game venus the flytrap ?	venus the flytrap
what type of music does ji-in cho play	ji-in cho
what 's the active ingredient in titanium dioxide	titanium dioxide
what religion does terry r. spence practice ?	terry r. spence
what kind of album is ten thousand lightyears	ten thousand lightyears
where was louis antoine fauvelet de bourrienne born	louis antoine fauvelet de bourrienne
what 's a mystery film released in 1988	mystery film
what format does pebbles , volume 17 have	pebbles , volume 17
where in europe is bamako filmed in ?	bamako
what tv program did fred olen ray create	fred olen ray
what 's a book written about southern africa	southern africa
what musical instrument does charly alberti play ?	charly alberti
what is a song from the blues project	the blues project
what is santa 's little helper 's occupation	santa 's little helper
john hiatt is what type of music performer	john hiatt
who is a character of the dc universe	dc universe
what range does the river torrens flow through	river torrens
what kind of album is a portrait of	a portrait of
what genre book is the child in time	the child in time
what is the primary release of energy ?	energy
what is the the champs known as ?	the champs
what 's a gameplay mode in bmx simulator	bmx simulator
what kind of music does soldat louis perform	soldat louis
what city in california did edward cronenweth die	edward cronenweth
what is the soundtrack to casino royale called	casino royale
what music is music & musicals in netflix	music & musicals
what type of music does jeanie bryson play	jeanie bryson
which games did microsoft studios help publish ?	microsoft studios
what was half-a-mil 's cause of death ?	half-a-mil
what language is spoken on decisiones extremas ?	decisiones extremas
what is the name of a electronica album	electronica
which topic is paper themes written under ?	paper themes
what is the genre of bees in paradise	bees in paradise
what is the gender of kathie sullivan ?	kathie sullivan
what 's a track written by bonnie pink	bonnie pink
what did vikram phadnis do for a living	vikram phadnis
what is a drama film on netflix ?	drama film
what is a sector of pta bank ?	pta bank
who is a well known practitioner of boxing	boxing
who was the lyricst for the song haunted	haunted
who is a lyricist for the song cocoon	cocoon
what film was produced by mark radcliffe ?	mark radcliffe
who originally performed the song get u down	get u down
which album was also a release album ?	album
what 's an example of an action film	action film
in what language in amnesty is granted sung	amnesty is granted
what format is the release stakes is high	stakes is high
name someone famous who was born in liverpool	liverpool
what film has music by shankar mahadevan ?	shankar mahadevan
what format of music is grasselette et maigrelette	grasselette et maigrelette
name a film that features hamilton , ontario	hamilton , ontario
which track contains it 's good , eve	it 's good , eve
what was a release done by atlantic records	atlantic records
what is the gender of steve springer ?	steve springer
what music label best describes kara best clips	kara best clips
who published the novel off keck road ?	off keck road
what kind of space object is 12649 ascanios	12649 ascanios
what type of music does hong-chan perform ?	hong-chan
where is the film american legacy originally from	american legacy
what asteroid group is 6457 kremsmünster part of	6457 kremsmünster
what is a song on the album fantasia	fantasia
what county is trumansburg , new york in	trumansburg , new york
what is a play produced by nelle nugent	nelle nugent
what is the religion of thubten chodron ?	thubten chodron
who recorded catch me if you can ?	catch me if you can
which record is part of o sole mio	o sole mio
what types of art did marc-charles-gabriel gleyre practice	marc-charles-gabriel gleyre
where is the area illinois state capitol located	illinois state capitol
what genre of film is boiling point ?	boiling point
what type of film is fashion victims ?	fashion victims
what is a game designed by satoru iwata	satoru iwata
in which city did catherine uhlmyer die in	catherine uhlmyer
what kind of film is double dealing ?	double dealing
what harry potter game did electronic arts release	electronic arts
what is a well known song by ovuca	ovuca
which country released catch me i 'm falling	catch me i 'm falling
which city is the warwick arts centre in	warwick arts centre
what american football position does kevin cone play	kevin cone
which sport do the new york giants play	new york giants
what is the gender of samarth narain ?	samarth narain
what 's the title of a war film	war film
what is the genre of weird tales magazine	weird tales
what works were written by william l. shirer	william l. shirer
who is the child of lindsay otto ?	lindsay otto
what kind of computer game is ninja commando	ninja commando
what type of film is the devious path	the devious path
which technique does robbie kerr use to pitch	robbie kerr
what is the nationality of quinton jackson ?	quinton jackson
what genre of music does per gessle create	per gessle
what 's a version of the bangkok single	bangkok
who is an artist that specializes in painting	painting
which football position is stefan lorenz charged of	stefan lorenz
what type of album is labor of love	labor of love
who is a model born in saitama prefecture	saitama prefecture
which label is the artist keith hale on	keith hale
is charles r. moore a male or female	charles r. moore
which continent do people speak kepo ' language	kepo ' language
name someone who was born in kanagawa prefecture	kanagawa prefecture
what country is torpedo bay filmed in ?	torpedo bay
which county and state is coaldale located in	coaldale
what music label is romain virgo with ?	romain virgo
what position does leonardo pekarnik play in football	leonardo pekarnik
where did battle of bila tserkva take place	battle of bila tserkva
what sort of movie is the dark hour	the dark hour
which developer designed asterix and the great rescue	asterix and the great rescue
which artist released freak show ( album )	freak show
who is the artist that recorded communism ?	communism
what type of institution is roxana high school	roxana high school
blackwater park is what type of album ?	blackwater park
what country is laura stack a citizen of	laura stack
what 's a game in the marathon series	marathon
what is the genre of the film deathsport	deathsport
who is the author of german modern ?	german modern
microbeworld radio mostly talks about what subject ?	microbeworld radio
what artists are signed to rca records ?	rca records
which committee is susan davis a part of	susan davis
what is the temperament of a siberian husky	siberian husky
what type of film is blow dry ?	blow dry
what language is spoken throughout the movie ghajini	ghajini
which soccer position is played by nacer barazite	nacer barazite
which games are on the mac os platform	mac os
who is the child of gordon gray ?	gordon gray
what album is the tourist a part of	the tourist
what is the genre of the title london	london
what film is about the cold war ?	cold war
which european language is mcmahon filmed in ?	mcmahon
what school is considered a catholic school ?	catholic school
what film genre is the movie warning sign	warning sign
what is the name of a poetry book	poetry
what music company is curt boettcher with ?	curt boettcher
the night-time butterflies series originates from where ?	night-time butterflies
what 's a radio station that plays coldplay	coldplay
what netflix genre is stripteaser 2 categorized under	stripteaser 2
what is the gender of hugo danckaert ?	hugo danckaert
what is a track made by hugh masekela	hugh masekela
which county is berrien springs located in ?	berrien springs
who created the story for the pied piper	the pied piper
what type of book is culture and values	culture and values
what artist plays the genre alternative rock ?	alternative rock
what kind of album is eps 1991-2002 ?	eps 1991-2002
what book was written about the police ?	police
what is the name of a tv drama	drama
which movement is allan d'arcangelo associated with ?	allan d'arcangelo
what is the name of a drama movie	drama
which places contains the winchester mountain lookout ?	winchester mountain lookout
what kind of movie is pay your dues	pay your dues
what 's one marine animal that humans eat	humans
what label signed the artist the upper crust	the upper crust
who is an artist that performs alternative rock	alternative rock
what is the time zone of huntsville ?	huntsville
what is the country of origin of fastlane	fastlane
what horror films came out in 2002 ?	horror
which ethnic group does yvonne kauger belong to	yvonne kauger
which state is the promised land located in	promised land
name a track by the artist kalafina ?	kalafina
which artist recorded 16 most requested songs ?	16 most requested songs
what kind of composition is make me smile	make me smile
what kind of album is sielun veljet ?	sielun veljet
whats the language spoken on the movie bloodlock	bloodlock
which county is the oșoiu river located in	oșoiu river
what genre of book is the flivver king	the flivver king
what is teh profession of esther seibt ?	esther seibt
what is the architectural style of john gibbs	john gibbs
dave flitton is of this human gender .	dave flitton
what is the profession of harry whittington ?	harry whittington
what music genre is `` dishwalla '' ?	dishwalla
what 's a movie directed by neil marshall	neil marshall
what is a work produced by elizabeth williams	elizabeth williams
what is solar system a notable example of	solar system
what type of bounding does silverfall come in	silverfall
the event battle of svistov took place where	battle of svistov
what is the ethnicity of ivan kulyk ?	ivan kulyk
where is the mouth of the merrimack river	merrimack river
what kind of netflix film is natasha ?	natasha
which genre of film is solemn promise in	solemn promise
where in california was suzanne ridgeway born ?	suzanne ridgeway
which country filmed when hell broke loose .	when hell broke loose
which track was produced by david bowie ?	david bowie
who was the executive producer on the warlords	the warlords
whats the name of a marvel universe character	marvel universe
what type of film is venus 5 ?	venus 5
what 's a place in province of frosinone	province of frosinone
what time zone is westford , massachusetts in	westford , massachusetts
what was the album no baggage 's genre	no baggage
what is the format of the algorhythms release	algorhythms
where did the artist the bomb originate from	the bomb
what is the nationality of joe delaney ?	joe delaney
where is summer jam 2005 released at ?	summer jam 2005
what genre is stalingrad ( film ) under	stalingrad
what is an album by sami yusuf ?	sami yusuf
what time zone is giarole located in ?	giarole
what 's a beauty institute located in colorado	colorado
what is the religion of maral boyadjian ?	maral boyadjian
what 's an action game made by sega	action game
how is promise and terror released as ?	promise and terror
who is a parent of adisaya suriyabha ?	adisaya suriyabha
what is a track by the alchemist ?	the alchemist
what kind of album is save my soul	save my soul
what track is ragtime a recording of ?	ragtime
who wrote the music for neil young journeys	neil young journeys
where in sweden was susanne falck born ?	susanne falck
what song is fro lefty loose righty tight	lefty loose righty tight
what language is used in the software unix	unix
what genre of book is peter the great	peter the great
in which album is touch it featured on	touch it
punch-drunk love was produced by what company ?	punch-drunk love
what is the name of a romance film	romance film
what is the book resentment against achievement about	resentment against achievement
what format was boytoy baby released in ?	boytoy baby
in what language was eating alabama released ?	eating alabama
what type of music does anthony acid make	anthony acid
what is roy book binder 's gender ?	roy book binder
who directed the film titled race against time	race against time
what event happened at gulf of saint lawrence	gulf of saint lawrence
what genre is always a bridesmaid categorized as	always a bridesmaid
what types of accident is klm flight 1673	klm flight 1673
which book does slappy the dummy appear in	slappy the dummy
what genre does mac powell like to perform	mac powell
what weight loss show is shown on nbc	nbc
what kind of music is ingenting att förlora	ingenting att förlora
what country surrounds east stroudsburg university of pennsylvania	east stroudsburg university of pennsylvania
what is the topic of the surreptitious speech	the surreptitious speech
what city is the neighborhood granville island from	granville island
what 's an example of a black-and-white film	black-and-white
which concentration camp did rebecca delden-visjager die in	rebecca delden-visjager
what type of album is the magic collection	the magic collection
what kind of movie is the mystery road	mystery road
who discovered ( 24727 ) 1991 vd1 ?	( 24727 ) 1991 vd1
what genre is the album téo & téa	téo & téa
is kunigunda of halych a female or male	kunigunda of halych
what 's a band that plays indie rock	indie rock
which artist released the album corridors of blood	corridors of blood
where was one house left standing released ?	one house left standing
what is the subject of the ravenscar dynasty	the ravenscar dynasty
what even took place on the balearic islands	balearic islands
how was my winter storm formatted for release	my winter storm
what is a film directed by ingmar bergman	ingmar bergman
where is aid sea colony tower 102 located	aid sea colony tower 102
who is the game developer for madagascar ?	madagascar
where does hristo markov play on the field	hristo markov
what kind of dog has a playful temperament	playful
what artists are signed with secretly canadian ?	secretly canadian
who is the writer of for what purpose	for what purpose
what is niyi ogunlana country of nationality ?	niyi ogunlana
what are names of edward fox 's children	edward fox
what type of film is the bad boy	the bad boy
what kind of music does gim me play	gim me
what was crow foot 's cause of death	crow foot
who is a track by war of ages	war of ages
what is the album that features locomotive ?	locomotive
what type of music does kevin shields play	kevin shields
what type of school is north-west university ?	north-west university
what is a passion for success about ?	a passion for success
what genre of music does tim rogers make	tim rogers
what release is get a job from ?	get a job
name a comune in central european time zone	central european time zone
which region was rock in the usa released	rock in the usa
what books have been written on spain ?	spain
what religion is maulvi tamizuddin khan associated with	maulvi tamizuddin khan
what was ajay piramal 's place of birth	ajay piramal
in what region of italy is pantigliate located	pantigliate
which language is the film death ship in	death ship
around which main star does 8421 montanari move	8421 montanari
who is an artist that creates photography ?	photography
what is a release jerry wexler produced ?	jerry wexler
who wrote the film city of joy ?	city of joy
what did peter cornelius do as an occupation	peter cornelius
what 's a track off dinner at eight	dinner at eight
what kind of book is the eternal lover	the eternal lover
what episode was directed by david nutter ?	david nutter
what constellation is the star lambda aquarii in	lambda aquarii
who produced the movie austin powers : goldmember	austin powers : goldmember
what games have been produced by nintendo ?	nintendo
what publisher is responsible for sigma star saga	sigma star saga
which song is part of being with you	being with you
which russian composer did claude debussy influence ?	claude debussy
which sectors does the organization pétrus services ?	pétrus
what can roll over beethoven be considered ?	roll over beethoven
where in california did stephen morehouse avery die	stephen morehouse avery
whats the religion of catherine i of russia	catherine i of russia
what artist performs in the genre blues ?	blues
what 's an example of a jazz album	jazz
what format was langrisser ii released in ?	langrisser ii
what industry is chopard a part of ?	chopard
what country is the akei language spoken in	akei language
what world war was lyudmila pavlichenko involved in	lyudmila pavlichenko
where does cara lockwood claim nationality from ?	cara lockwood
what is a type of cvg sports game	sports game
what film was richard harris the cinematographer for	richard harris
who is the artist on the recording free	free
what 's a track from blame the world	blame the world
what movie contains costume designed by ann roth	ann roth
what is a track from the recording murder	murder
what type of music is henrik danhage ?	henrik danhage
where was the book edition north america published	north america
what is an attraction in wallis and futuna	wallis and futuna
who developed the computer videogame fatal fury special	fatal fury special
what county and state is turnbull located in	turnbull
where is laibach ( band ) from ?	laibach
the film fresh horses was produced by who	fresh horses
which profession is jules ferry known for pursuing	jules ferry
who produced the film eight crazy nights ?	eight crazy nights
which release type was american poet released as	american poet
which italian city was alessandro marcello born in	alessandro marcello
which tv series does johnny cash belong to	johnny cash
what song is dear john a recording of	dear john
what are lewis-clark state college 's school colors	lewis-clark state college
what football position does mykola fedorenko play ?	mykola fedorenko
what 's an example of hindu temple architecture	hindu temple architecture
what 's a book written about italian cuisine	italian cuisine
who directed the movie the judy garland show	the judy garland show
what label is vitamin c signed to ?	vitamin c
what type of album is passage in time	passage in time
what gender does elroy schwartz identify as ?	elroy schwartz
what kind of show was licence to drill	licence to drill
what is the producer of the shrek game	shrek
which recording included the track shadows and fog	shadows and fog
whats the name of an indie rock album	indie rock
what is the name of a blues-rock album	blues-rock
what is the nationality of amy jenkins ?	amy jenkins
what is the yansi language a type of	yansi language
what was a studio album recording for arcángel	studio album
who is the maker of the shelby charger	shelby charger
the eastern whip-poor-will is preserved through what ?	eastern whip-poor-will
what is a speed metal genre album ?	speed metal
what genre is the computer game hanjuku hero	hanjuku hero
what position does johnny temple play in baseball	johnny temple
what type of business is bond wireless ?	bond wireless
what genre would 4d man fall under ?	4d man
what kind of music is the trinity session	the trinity session
what subject is the tenth man based on	the tenth man
which position is yoshihiro natsuka known for playing	yoshihiro natsuka
what is the subject of creating affluence ?	creating affluence
what position does hartmut konschal play in soccer	hartmut konschal
where did 2011–12 strait of hormuz dispute occur	2011–12 strait of hormuz dispute
where was the your thrift habits movie produced	your thrift habits
which music instrument is played by kishan maharaj	kishan maharaj
what travel destination does leiria talk about ?	leiria
what does dan osborn do for a living	dan osborn
what kind of music is peace between nations	peace between nations
what kind of book is the dark portal	the dark portal
what film was worked on by kazuaki kiriya	kazuaki kiriya
which film is in the short film genre	short film
what solar system was named after a student	solar system
what kind of object is 8660 sano ?	8660 sano
what genre is earth , wind & fire	earth , wind & fire
what 's a song written by kathy sledge	kathy sledge
what is the gender of richard hatem ?	richard hatem
who published the book `` history '' ?	history
where in germany did helmut lent pass away	helmut lent
which pregnancy category is levofloxacin used for ?	levofloxacin
what does sara guerra do for a living	sara guerra
what kind of book is the parsifal mosaic	the parsifal mosaic
what book is published by baen books ?	baen books
where in russia did vasily aksyonov die ?	vasily aksyonov
what is the gender of annemarie renger ?	annemarie renger
which country did henry iii of england rule	henry iii of england
whats the name of a mystery tv show	mystery
in what russian city akinfiy nikitich demidov from	akinfiy nikitich demidov
what kind of tv program is urban gothic	urban gothic
what type of book is a necessary evil	a necessary evil
what 's a song written by dottie west	dottie west
who founded the organization nu skin enterprises ?	nu skin enterprises
what kind of music does shatraug make ?	shatraug
who composed the music for rancho notorious ?	rancho notorious
what does nathalie saint-gelais do for a living	nathalie saint-gelais
what is a transit line on the bus	bus
what artist is responsible for recording evolution ?	evolution
atr 42 is what type of aircraft ?	atr 42
what movie is produced by ekk deewana tha	ekk deewana tha
what color is associated with pleasantville high school	pleasantville high school
what image is of the topic indian astronomy	indian astronomy
what city and state are post records from	post records
name an album by johann sebastian bach .	johann sebastian bach
which country does eric bloom have nationality in	eric bloom
what musician was born in south london ?	musician
what genre is the album london by night	london by night
what format does on tour # 1 have	on tour # 1
what book edition was published by susanna kaysen	susanna kaysen
which larger range is the dorset mountain in	dorset mountain
what is a book about cultural studies ?	cultural studies
which artist recorded how would you like it	how would you like it
where did gabor a. somorjai 's life start	gabor a. somorjai
what is the cvg genre of shadow complex	shadow complex
what is the nationality of steve darrell ?	steve darrell
who produced the film when a woman sins	when a woman sins
what genre of music does steve wickham perform	steve wickham
what does eric darnell do for a living	eric darnell
what language was the impatient heart filmed in	the impatient heart
what did nicomedes santa cruz die from ?	nicomedes santa cruz
is woman rebel a history or drama film	woman rebel
what is the nationality of gertrude orr ?	gertrude orr
what 's a famous image that covers pathania	pathania
what is the profession of enrique loedel palumbo	enrique loedel palumbo
who was born in rock island , illinois	rock island , illinois
who played the fictional character astrid bloom ?	astrid bloom
which country was the big clock filmed in	the big clock
what style of art does dueljewel create ?	dueljewel
what type of baseball position is tris speaker	tris speaker
where is the birth place of mehdi ghezali	mehdi ghezali
where did battle of auray take place ?	battle of auray
what is a track tim rice produced ?	tim rice
what is john saint ryan 's gender ?	john saint ryan
what type of release is olympia deuxmilletrois ?	olympia deuxmilletrois
what kind of music does jamie o'hara make	jamie o'hara
which artist sang the recording of paris ?	paris
who authored key to north american birds ?	key to north american birds
what ype of film is the killing ground	the killing ground
what kind of music does don snow make	don snow
what book is in the genre fantasy ?	fantasy
who is the child of béla szenes ?	béla szenes
where is the location of râmnicu vâlcea ?	râmnicu vâlcea
who is the son of alfred lennon ?	alfred lennon
who produced on a day like today ?	on a day like today
what city in france did robert palmer die	robert palmer
what is disney magic a notable type of	disney magic
what track was from the recording galileo galilei	galileo galilei
what tracks are on the recording lost ?	lost
what can be a symptom of conversion disorder	conversion disorder
which album is of the genre pop rock	pop rock
what kind of game is legions : overdrive	legions : overdrive
what movie is considered at biographical film ?	biographical film
who is a well known drone music artist	drone music
what type of book is the mirror maker	the mirror maker
what is a track by richard m. sherman	richard m. sherman
what is the media type of jeff green	jeff green
the recording holes was released on what album	holes
what company made bubble bobble plus ! ?	bubble bobble plus !
kenneth tse is known for playing was instrument	kenneth tse
who was the screenwriter for the show redux	redux
name a short documentary film released in 2011	short
what is the gender of denise weinberg ?	denise weinberg
what campuses are there for washtenaw community college	washtenaw community college
which baseball position is niles jordan charged of	niles jordan
what subject is covered in speaking in tongues	speaking in tongues
what country is cree , swampy language from	cree , swampy language
what 's a wetland site located in australia	australia
which record label is sarah johns contracted with	sarah johns
what mars crossing minor planet orbits the sun	the sun
what band produced the album cupid 's chokehold	cupid 's chokehold
what is the ethnicity of alan rickman ?	alan rickman
what kinds of movie is coordinates of death	coordinates of death
who produced the song face à la mer	face à la mer
what is the name of an economics book	economics
what genre of artist is clifford brown ?	clifford brown
which constellation is the r aquarii found in	r aquarii
what does ( 85721 ) 1998 sl63 orbit	( 85721 ) 1998 sl63
what city is the wichita art museum within	wichita art museum
what is the birth place of sophie steiner	sophie steiner
what did granville henderson oury die from ?	granville henderson oury
what cvg game did pony canyon publish ?	pony canyon
where was the roman–parthian war of 58–63 located	roman–parthian war of 58–63
where was lives in paris released first ?	lives in paris
what kind of work does intelligent actuator do	intelligent actuator
what artist is on the album natural history	natural history
which hand does matthew hart use to bowl	matthew hart
what format does carved in sand album have	carved in sand
which musical group is signed to nuclear blast	nuclear blast
what position does arnór sveinn aðalsteinsson play ?	arnór sveinn aðalsteinsson
what is the nationality of nguyễn văn kiệt	nguyễn văn kiệt
what genre in netflix is kaspar hauser under	kaspar hauser
who was the mother of ted bundy ?	ted bundy
who is the author of kingdoms in conflict	kingdoms in conflict
what is the origin of the baviaanskloof river	baviaanskloof river
from which english town is charlie elliott from	charlie elliott
what is the name of a eurodance artist	eurodance
what is the name of a baseball pitcher	pitcher
what is the death place of o'moore creagh	o'moore creagh
who belongs to the record label mercury records	mercury records
who made the game super robot wars mx	super robot wars mx
where did the battle of pensacola take place	battle of pensacola
what label is little wings signed to ?	little wings
who is the architect of biltmore estate office	biltmore estate office
what job does the character ghost have ?	ghost
what indian city is t. p. kailasam from	t. p. kailasam
what kind of book is green calder grass	green calder grass
what was patricia janus 's cause of death	patricia janus
what is a film gilles carle directed ?	gilles carle
what compositions are by gian carlo menotti ?	gian carlo menotti
where in new york did george bagby die	george bagby
what book was published by perfection learning prebound	perfection learning prebound
which asian nation is hailar located in ?	hailar
what neighborhood is wadeview park a part of	wadeview park
what film is from the company brandywine productions	brandywine productions
what 's a song made by kinya kotani	kinya kotani
who made the discovery of 45261 decoen ?	45261 decoen
what kind of game is world heroes perfect	world heroes perfect
where did steven lee olsen originate from ?	steven lee olsen
what is a track from the recording ethiopia	ethiopia
which language family is the arabic language in	arabic language
what department is robert stalnaker a part of	robert stalnaker
what is the release track of china called	china
what kind of music is boards of canada	boards of canada
who was the publisher for hannibal rising ?	hannibal rising
where in new york was suzanne kaaren born	suzanne kaaren
is felix gilman a male or a female	felix gilman
what is john salmon a notable example of	john salmon
name an artist from the indie rock genre	indie rock
alife , campania is contained by what province	alife , campania
what netflix genre is que familia mas normal	que familia mas normal
what is the profession of anna eklund ?	anna eklund
what 's a world music film on netlfix	world music
what type of school is central high school	central high school
who recorded the close of a chapter ?	the close of a chapter
what 's a boxing movie available on netflix	boxing
what position does daishiro miyazaki play in football	daishiro miyazaki
what does aleksandr lebedev do for a living	aleksandr lebedev
what country is kleines dickes müller from ?	kleines dickes müller
what is an album written by johannes brahms	album
what type of movie is casey 's shadow	casey 's shadow
what kind of film is fireball forward ?	fireball forward
which comic book character has power of flight	flight
where is the carrollton viaduct bridge located ?	carrollton viaduct
what is the ethnicity of ray lankford ?	ray lankford
is dream well a stallion or a mare	dream well
is invisible violence a compact disc or dvd	invisible violence
what is some content from the artist toronto	toronto
is vicki van meter male or female ?	vicki van meter
what is the nationality of gustav gavrin ?	gustav gavrin
who is a parent of matthew asner ?	matthew asner
name someone who is a defender in football	defender
what genre is the album personal life ?	personal life
what does douglas campbell do for a living	douglas campbell
what is western kentucky university 's color ?	western kentucky university
which netflix genre does soylent green belong to	soylent green
where was the end of the line filmed	end of the line
which country was the cosmic egg released in	cosmic egg
what type of release was the beautiful letdown	the beautiful letdown
what country is ulisses cohn originally from ?	ulisses cohn
what type of music does heidi montag play	heidi montag
what was lucy woodward 's place of birth	lucy woodward
what film genre is gentlemen of fortune ?	gentlemen of fortune
is yamaç okur a man or a woman	yamaç okur
what kind of film is mare nostrum ?	mare nostrum
what is the profession of ernst achenbach ?	ernst achenbach
which shop is named after william hamley ?	william hamley
what gender is salvatore the boss maroni ?	the boss
which famous boxer died of myocardial infarction ?	myocardial infarction
what is the active ingredient in phosphoric acid	phosphoric acid
what 's a song performed by joe genaro	joe genaro
what is doug bedard 's country of nationality	doug bedard
what is an active moiety of nalidixic acid	nalidixic acid
what is eido tai shimano 's religion ?	eido tai shimano
what is the name of a drama film	drama film
what kind of artwork is luís geraldes ?	luís geraldes
where was james ewing 's place of death	james ewing
which region was jump up ! released in	jump up !
where in the us was raylee johnson born	raylee johnson
what baseball position does jack banta play ?	jack banta
who is a notable person born in sydney	sydney
what university is cu online a part of	cu online
what is the nationality of william patterson alexander	william patterson alexander
what type of movie is sky larks ?	sky larks
what is george cecil ives 's gender ?	george cecil ives
what is the profession of tom gehrels ?	tom gehrels
which district in scotland is brian mcgee from	brian mcgee
what kind album is mto² : new generation	mto² : new generation
what kind of film is kiss daddy goodnight	kiss daddy goodnight
which country was eastwood after hours released in	eastwood after hours
what is the netflix genre of the trip	the trip
what religion is bratya basu a believer of	bratya basu
what country released the movie under the skin	under the skin
what format does super mario hits come in	super mario hits
who impacted the work of charles scott sherrington	charles scott sherrington
what 's a black-and-white film released in 1963	black-and-white
which city was scott mayle born in ?	scott mayle
what type of film is woman gambler ?	woman gambler
which comic book series did greg rucka create	greg rucka
where did action in tarafal bay take place	action in tarafal bay
what is andrew k. hay 's profession ?	andrew k. hay
what is the name of a soundtrack album	soundtrack
which country was the chronic bachelor filmed in	chronic bachelor
which scissor sisters member plays the synthesizer ?	synthesizer
what genre on netflix is guadalupe in ?	guadalupe
name a hub found in kahului airport ?	kahului airport
which country filmed the house of naked captives	the house of naked captives
which netflix genre is charley varrick found under	charley varrick
what the subject of the di medici bride	the di medici bride
what kind of music is straight no chaser	straight no chaser
what book was published regarding santa clara county	santa clara county
what genre is the artist kovas under ?	kovas
what role does bryce salvador play in hockey	bryce salvador
what is the nationality of brember wills ?	brember wills
what is a song by death comesto matteson	death comesto matteson
what is the time zone of ford ?	ford
what type of music does mick thompson make	mick thompson
which song did al schmitt help engineer ?	al schmitt
what is the name of a bollywood movice	bollywood
what diet allows you to eat lathyrus sativus	lathyrus sativus
which format is the dreamer released in ?	the dreamer
in which major conflict did walter neumann-silkow participate	walter neumann-silkow
what is the name of a soundtrack album	soundtrack
summer of the monkeys was written by who	summer of the monkeys
who created the comic book character captain cold	captain cold
who is an artist that plays rock music	rock music
which famous racehorse that christopher chenery bred ?	christopher chenery
seraiki language is spoken in which country ?	seraiki language
what song is from the recording big ?	big
what type of space object is 5932 prutkov	5932 prutkov
what genre of music does sunlightsquare perform ?	sunlightsquare
which building is a palace as a function	palace
what team belongs to the america east conference	america east conference
what is an instrument that steve katz plays	steve katz
does ben copeland bat left or right handed	ben copeland
which disease caused dudley moore 's death ?	dudley moore
what 's a release from the recording alberta	alberta
where can i find information about andrew johnson	andrew johnson
who is the son of andrew joseph clooney	andrew joseph clooney
what state is the battle creek sanitarium located	battle creek sanitarium
whats a song off the xtc album red	red
what is stephen schneider 's place of birth	stephen schneider
what film is under the drama genre ?	drama
what position does norman hand play at ?	norman hand
what 's a song that billy corgan produced	billy corgan
what is the occupation of david hawthorne ?	david hawthorne
jimmie rodgers plays what genre of music ?	jimmie rodgers
what is alfred lawson , jr. 's nationality	alfred lawson , jr.
what is something that louise simonson wrote ?	louise simonson
what topic is better than sex about ?	better than sex
which city was a namesake to samuel appleton	samuel appleton
what kind of music is the interview album	interview
which position does chris killen play in football	chris killen
where is the location of arrow point ?	arrow point
who was involved in the battle of placentia	battle of placentia
which movement is arthur rimbaud associated with ?	arthur rimbaud
what release was the recording waterloo featured on	waterloo
what type of album is oranges & lemons	oranges & lemons
who is the publisher of tails ' skypatrol	tails ' skypatrol
what is the original book name of poems	poems
what celestial body does 11323 nasu orbit ?	11323 nasu
what type of school is kenston high school	kenston high school
where was on the line first released ?	on the line
what was one of jesus christ 's miracles	jesus christ
what is the gender of shifty henry ?	shifty henry
what genre is the jesus and mary chain	the jesus and mary chain
what mode can stunt car racer be played	stunt car racer
who released the album titled wheel of fortune	wheel of fortune
in what format is overkill released in ?	overkill
who was the father of stella keitel ?	stella keitel
what type of celestial object is 5993 tammydickinson	5993 tammydickinson
what type of music is swizz beatz ?	swizz beatz
about what country is the absurd film about	absurd
what kind of aircraft is a fighter-bomber ?	fighter-bomber
who is an artist of k-pop music ?	k-pop
what is the name of a 2004 album	album
how was for those who think young released	for those who think young
what is an album by leo sayer ?	album
which actor died from a car accident ?	car accident
what kind of music does guitar wolf play	guitar wolf
what kind of netflix genre is karl marx	karl marx
what was a theme of keeping a rendezvous	keeping a rendezvous
which film sets were designed by beth rubino	beth rubino
which author won the john newberry medal ?	author
which movie has production designed by santo loquasto	santo loquasto
what is used to treat ventricular tachycardia ?	ventricular tachycardia
what is the gender of matti vanhanen ?	matti vanhanen
what track list is edge of excess on	edge of excess
what genre is the film alpha dog ?	alpha dog
what is the nationality of the person china	china
what game genre is soul of the samurai	soul of the samurai
what is a track from slim whitman ?	slim whitman
in what language was the film fever lake	fever lake
what 's alexander stepanovich popov 's profession ?	alexander stepanovich popov
what type of college is ursinus college ?	ursinus college
what type of music is thunder seven ?	thunder seven
how was the album gathered in song released	gathered in song
name a musician signed to universal records .	universal records
what type of school is brandeis university ?	brandeis university
what 's a newspaper available in jefferson county	jefferson county
what language is women they talk about in	women they talk about
what is novaspace 's country of origin ?	novaspace
what does the rev play as an instrument	the rev
what is a song produced by john shanks	john shanks
which country is cartel 1882 filmed in ?	cartel 1882
what 's an example of a horror book	horror
what is giovanni paolo oliva 's gender ?	giovanni paolo oliva
what album style is one time bells ?	one time bells
which tv program is wcw pro on ?	wcw pro
from which country is riley edward donoho from	riley edward donoho
what was ferdinand piloty 's place of death	ferdinand piloty
what is a dog breed with black tricolor	black tricolor
what type of album was the formative years	the formative years
what style of music is the outpatients ?	the outpatients
where was nanae chrono born in japan ?	nanae chrono
what kind of film is lila says ?	lila says
what kind of space object is 11363 vives	11363 vives
what is the name of a musician ?	musician
what 's a character that geoff johns created	geoff johns
what type of music does banda calypso produce	banda calypso
what country is dear diary filmed in ?	dear diary
what kind of release is cyclopean riffs ?	cyclopean riffs
which position does football player serge makofo play	serge makofo
where was the birth place of malin krastev	malin krastev
what type of book is sea of glass	sea of glass
what genre of book is management in ?	management
in what canadian city was cameron bright born	cameron bright
what are the townships found in michigan ?	michigan
what is james paringatai 's position in basketball	james paringatai
what kind of film is the wedding party	the wedding party
the urviș river is contained by what country	urviș river
what is the religion of simone weil ?	simone weil
name a country that toblerone is sold in	toblerone
what is the canonical version of brown sugar	brown sugar
what genre is in the night kitchen ?	in the night kitchen
where is rockridge forest in the united states	rockridge forest
what type of show is on air ?	on air
what is an example of a family film	family film
what is a type of studio album ?	studio album
which romance film is based on sports ?	romance film
what record company is paul mccoy associated with	paul mccoy
what 's an arcade game made by atari	atari
which state is perry hall located in ?	perry hall
who was the producer for the second chance	the second chance
where did first battle of swat take place	first battle of swat
catherine yronwode was born in which great city	catherine yronwode
who was the developer for team fortress 2	team fortress 2
what film format was naked lunch filmed in	naked lunch
what genre does trapped at sea belong to	trapped at sea
what formula is available in a liquid ?	liquid
which genre did the artist screeching weasel make	screeching weasel
what is a film directed by mark romanek	mark romanek
what conflict did simon bolivar buckner participate in	simon bolivar buckner
what is an example of a documentary film	documentary film
who is the artist that recorded 9 ?	9
what 's a village within the united kingdom	united kingdom
what 's a science fiction film from 1995	science fiction
what tv series had the episode entitled pilot	pilot
what genre of film is tangerines in ?	tangerines
what is partially contained in central europe ?	central europe
what film genre is my dearest senorita ?	my dearest senorita
what is a model car that daimler makes	daimler
what is the label that signed luna ?	luna
what religion does ildebrando antoniutti identify with ?	ildebrando antoniutti
what type of album is icky flix ?	icky flix
which asteroid group does 1623 vivian belong to	1623 vivian
what kind of show is in the womb	in the womb
what is a drama film from 1974 ?	drama film
what genre is the book consolation of philosophy	consolation of philosophy
what kind of book is coming of age	coming of age
what is an episode from gilmore girls ?	gilmore girls
what genre of music is bryan sutton considered	bryan sutton
who authored the tale of the 1002nd night	the tale of the 1002nd night
what species is the fictional character commander adama	commander adama
what type of music does stacked rubbish play	stacked rubbish
what is a game published by mindscape group	mindscape group
in which italian city did mario carotenuto die	mario carotenuto
who is the artist of baroque pop ?	baroque pop
what is the nationality of nebojša bogavac ?	nebojša bogavac
which country was kasam teri kasam released in	kasam teri kasam
what kind of site is a blog ?	blog
name the manufacturer of the commodore sx-64 .	commodore sx-64
what type of aircraft is eads casa c-295	eads casa c-295
is lac des arcs in alberta or onatario	lac des arcs
what kind of film is burning bush ?	burning bush
what kind of film is the fortress ?	the fortress
which song was composed by gary numan ?	song
name a film in the genre of drama	drama
what is the release type of the north	the north
what language is should sailors marry ? in	should sailors marry ?
what 's a track off of another day	another day
in which genre is taylor swift in ?	taylor swift
which war was vladimir dragomirov involved in ?	vladimir dragomirov
what gaming company published schizm : mysterious journey	schizm : mysterious journey
who was the lyricist that composed the fuse	the fuse
who is the director of the bobby film	bobby
what is the canonical version of baltimore called	baltimore
which are is itawamba county located in ?	itawamba county
what release is from the recording soldier ?	soldier
what is tibet , tibet written about ?	tibet , tibet
what 's a character from the dc universe	dc universe
whats an example of classical revival architectural style	classical revival
which japanese city was hisashi kobayashi born in	hisashi kobayashi
what vietnamese city was dat phan born in	dat phan
what style of music does andrei volkonsky sing	andrei volkonsky
what are thriller ( genre ) films ?	thriller
what is an example of a reservoir lake	reservoir
what city does the river evenlode flow through	river evenlode
what city does north luzon expressway pass through	north luzon expressway
what regions is his california album released ?	his california album
what is an album by chico debarge ?	album
in which town is auburn located in ?	auburn
which country did the lost tape originate from	the lost tape
what type of university is southwest agricultural university	southwest agricultural university
which nation is philippe durand originally from ?	philippe durand
who is a child of shannon walker williams	shannon walker williams
centre wellington is a notable type of what	centre wellington
what is one of the master 's powers	master
name an animated film produced by dreamworks animation	dreamworks animation
what jazz musician recorded a farewell to arms	a farewell to arms
what is the release format of bloodline ep	bloodline ep
is biggest loser jeetega in english or chinese	biggest loser jeetega
what fictional universe does lesla-lar appear in ?	lesla-lar
which political party has centrism as an ideology	centrism
what language is cimarron rose written in ?	cimarron rose
which track was in the release splendid isolation	splendid isolation
what type of celestial object is 15902 dostál	15902 dostál
what 's a book published through bantam spectra	bantam spectra
what location is saluda township contained in ?	saluda township
desert driven was filmed in what country ?	desert driven
what is the formulation of captopril 50 tablet	captopril 50 tablet
what style music does mike elliott record ?	mike elliott
what is john q. jordan 's ethnicity ?	john q. jordan
what color is the drug tolinase 250 tablet	tolinase 250 tablet
what game version was developed by sega ?	sega
what ideology does the pim fortuyn list follow	pim fortuyn list
what is the subject of lonely vigil ?	lonely vigil
what position does fred holdsworth play in baseball	fred holdsworth
which military conflict did gotthard handrick participate in	gotthard handrick
who is the author of change of life	change of life
what is an example of a post-punk album	post-punk
which nation is louis j. gasnier from ?	louis j. gasnier
which book has oceania as it 's subject	oceania
what team plays at jack stephens center ?	jack stephens center
what is the subject of reconciliation through truth	reconciliation through truth
what country is lala kewal krishnan sikand from	lala kewal krishnan sikand
stravaganzza is best identified under what musical genre	stravaganzza
what is the genre of daniel peixoto ?	daniel peixoto
which artist plays under the folk metal genre	folk metal
what is an example of a fantasy film	fantasy
what continent is zambia a part of ?	zambia
which album is performed in the post-rock genre	post-rock
what country was made in heaven filmed in	made in heaven
what type of music does baaba maal write	baaba maal
which song is contained of count on me	count on me
what country is oslo university college in ?	oslo university college
what is an asteroid in the asteroid belt	asteroid belt
what type of film is the gallant blade	the gallant blade
which genre of music does emma donovan create	emma donovan
who was born in the united states ?	united states
what are albums by mastodon ( band )	mastodon
what genre is the tv show dogs 101	dogs 101
what is the canonical version of black sheep	black sheep
where did the battle of carrizal take place	battle of carrizal
which book is about the subject of wine	wine
what release is i shall be released on	i shall be released
where can one find judy collins 's content	judy collins
what kind of school is tennessee state university	tennessee state university
what is an alternative rock from australia ?	alternative rock
what artist produced the album mix it up	mix it up
what 's a title published by snk playmore	snk playmore
what kind of album was walking man ?	walking man
what is lorenzo balducci 's country of nationality	lorenzo balducci
what is the profession of roy allen smith	roy allen smith
which genre of book is judas island ?	judas island
what kind of album is the best remixes	the best remixes
who is a major general born in richmond	richmond
name a periodical that 's subject is leadership	leadership
where did the battle of el brazito happen	battle of el brazito
which albums were produced by le loup ?	le loup
who was the publisher that put out ignition	ignition
where was john m. parker when he died	john m. parker
which former football player was a forward ?	forward
what is the gender of ignacio piatti ?	ignacio piatti
which association football position did stefan thesker play	stefan thesker
who was the casting director for orange county	orange county
what girl group sings in the synthpop style	synthpop
what production company is associated with roadside romeo	roadside romeo
which position in football does paolo acerbis play	paolo acerbis
what medium was the release angel milk in	angel milk
what is a composition composed by ne-yo ?	ne-yo
what neighborhood is located in new york city	new york city
what songs are by gilbert and sullivan ?	gilbert and sullivan
what music instrument is played by gene hoglan	gene hoglan
what kind of music is featured on robyn	robyn
what is the ethnicity of björn von sydow	björn von sydow
what is ray stata 's child 's name	ray stata
what 's a neighborhood found in new jersey	new jersey
what is the job title of drew hutton	drew hutton
what school is considered a public school ?	public school
what is a public university located in finland	public university
who is the developer of space raiders ?	space raiders
which album is a folk jazz album ?	folk jazz
what is the name of a famous actor	actor
what types of movie is the miracle maker	the miracle maker
what tracks were produced by phil manzanera ?	phil manzanera
what is a book published by canongate books	canongate books
what is a letter in the hebrew alphabet	hebrew alphabet
which recording contains the release track hollywood ?	hollywood
woodbridge is a neighborhood of what area ?	woodbridge
the villanova wildcats football are from what school	villanova wildcats football
what type of computer game is last chaos	last chaos
name a person born in los angeles .	los angeles
which country was animal + cannibal released in	animal + cannibal
which song is latin american music in netflix	latin american music
which language does nagesh ( actor ) speak	nagesh
what drug is made with the ingredient valaciclovir	valaciclovir
what sorts of music is played by aomusic	aomusic
in what country was state legislature filmed in	state legislature
what 's a city in the united states	united states
who developed the story for the asphalt jungle	the asphalt jungle
what type of music does lauri ylönen play	lauri ylönen
name the artist who recorded beat it .	beat it
where was dory funk , jr. born ?	dory funk
what is benjamin ross know for being ?	benjamin ross
what associated movement is gino severini part of	gino severini
who was mifflin county , pennsylvania named after	mifflin county
what netflix genre is the film fast company	fast company
what was written in a cold dark place	a cold dark place
name a city located in the country burundi	burundi
which city is lawrenceville a neighborhood of ?	lawrenceville
what musical album did rob cavallo produce ?	rob cavallo
what format was fright night released in ?	fright night
what types of album is at the top	at the top
what is the name of a romance film	romance film
which country is the city of mizuho located	mizuho
what is the ad campaign of coca-cola vis	coca-cola vis
what content does the genre heavy metal have	heavy metal
what kind of music did takako minekawa make	takako minekawa
what kind of film is waiting for happiness	waiting for happiness
who has been born in the lorain county	lorain county
which book edition did piers anthony publish ?	piers anthony
what is the profession of john fox ?	john fox
name a symptom of the disease ventricular tachycardia	ventricular tachycardia
what country is señor droopy filmed in ?	señor droopy
what is the nationality of f. richard jones	f. richard jones
what film is a type of drama ?	drama
which type of school is cathedral high school	cathedral high school
who is a person of african american ethnicity	african american
what 's an airport near jinjiang , fujian	jinjiang , fujian
who was st. patrick 's cathedral named after	st. patrick 's cathedral
what is louis r. rocco 's nationality ?	louis r. rocco
in what german town was richard hauptmann born	richard hauptmann
what kind of music does carmen espinoza-rodriquez play	carmen espinoza-rodriquez
what content does bbc radio scotland air ?	bbc radio scotland
what films have vittorio de sica directed ?	vittorio de sica
which episode of snl did john madden host	john madden
what notable person was born in tehran ?	tehran
which album was done by the artist torche	torche
what is the gender of hira ambrosino ?	hira ambrosino
what kind of album is the farewell concerts	the farewell concerts
which album is the song mona lisa on	mona lisa
which compositions were created by arnold bax ?	arnold bax
who is a visual artist known for painting	painting
what is the temperament of a bedlington terrier	bedlington terrier
what basketball position does dale wilkinson belong to	dale wilkinson
what is jay hyde barnum known for ?	jay hyde barnum
what is the release track on the game	the game
what subject is the shadow play written about	shadow play
what genre of book is the black tulip	the black tulip
in which country was the goose girl filmed	the goose girl
what release is from the track bad ?	bad
what is a song by max b. grant	max b. grant
what is the genre of the book greenpeace	greenpeace
which time zone is used in fort nelson	fort nelson
who is the author of ramona 's world	ramona 's world
what genre is the power of the press	the power of the press
what type of celestial object is 41 aurigae	41 aurigae
what kind of artist is david kitt ?	david kitt
what is the content of the artist alizée	alizée
what position does yutaka akita play in football	yutaka akita
who is the person born in lower normandy	lower normandy
what is an example of a soundtrack ?	soundtrack
what genre of music does fatin shidqia create	fatin shidqia
which football position is james bryant charged of	james bryant
which artist created at the linen closet ?	at the linen closet
name a popular track from the artist ash	ash
which country was the the heavy album released	the heavy
what is the format of fingers & thumbs	fingers & thumbs
what game is developed by idea factory ?	idea factory
what label is freddy wexler signed to ?	freddy wexler
which time zone is washington located in ?	washington
what is the administrative area type of pieria	pieria
what genre does the artist breathe carolina play	breathe carolina
what 's an album written by vince gill	vince gill
which football position is joe ferguson charged of	joe ferguson
what is the make of the lamborghini countach	lamborghini countach
what 's a film written by david peoples	david peoples
who produced the film a few good men	a few good men
which places contain the university of tuzla ?	university of tuzla
who 's a person named after eisley ?	eisley
what 's an example of a blues-rock album	blues-rock
what album is o holy night from ?	o holy night
whats a color of the saint ambrose university	saint ambrose university
whose birthplace is in laramie , wyoming ?	laramie , wyoming
what is the nationality of eugen dücker ?	eugen dücker
what 's the time zone used in whittier	whittier
what american pastor was born in paris ?	paris
what is frans van anraat 's gender ?	frans van anraat
what kind of music does mark hosler play	mark hosler
which position does satoshi komatsu play in baseball	satoshi komatsu
where would you find the la sentinelle organization	la sentinelle
what is the notable type of central nova	central nova
what football position does dmitriy gorbushin play ?	dmitriy gorbushin
what types of movie is the happiness thief	the happiness thief
what is a track list off clint eastwood	clint eastwood
what book has to do with career development	career development
name an album from the indie pop genre	indie pop
what language utilizes the danish and norwegian alphabet	danish and norwegian alphabet
where is tommy and the cool mule from	tommy and the cool mule
who is the mother of james stewart ?	james stewart
which soviet scientist was also a commissar ?	commissar
name a film considered to be hardcore pornography	hardcore pornography
what kind of film is six p.m. ?	six p.m.
a notable softcore film would be what ?	softcore
burgundy is a release track from what release	burgundy
what was written in lie down in darkness	lie down in darkness
which educational institution is located in texas ?	texas
what is a subject in spirits of place	spirits of place
what is the cvg genre of dream chamber	dream chamber
what is an active moiety of tetrabenazine ?	tetrabenazine
what is the main city for ata airlines	ata airlines
who produced the movie blood and wine ?	blood and wine
where was the american game filmed in ?	the american game
what was the sequel to meet the parents	meet the parents
which film director was born in hobart ?	hobart
what 's a city in the united states	united states
what sport does medical park antalyaspor sponsor ?	antalyaspor
in which county in pennsylvania is reinerton-orwin-muir located	reinerton-orwin-muir
what is the gender of katie barber ?	katie barber
what 's a conflict that occurred in bangkok	bangkok
what language is spoken in the taiwan oyster	the taiwan oyster
what is the gender of hitoshi tomizawa ?	hitoshi tomizawa
what is land of legendary lore about ?	land of legendary lore
who directed the film the halloween tree ?	the halloween tree
where would you find college of southern idaho	college of southern idaho
what does john marriott do for a living	john marriott
what 's an organization that is an airline	airline
what kind of game is pole position ?	pole position
which albums have the track kansas city ?	kansas city
what film is filmed in angkor wat ?	angkor wat
what genre of movie is la belle province	la belle province
name a netflix title from the vampire genre	vampire
what type of movie is the tail gunner	the tail gunner
what is an example of gothic architecture ?	gothic architecture
what is the gender of george silver ?	george silver
what type of album was and furthurmore ...	and furthurmore ...
in what city did herbert b. warburton die	herbert b. warburton
what is an example of a drama film	drama film
what film was leon schlesinger a producer on	leon schlesinger
what cities does the river wharfe run through	river wharfe
the recording red was released on what album	red
what type of book is the world swappers	the world swappers
who is the author of the good doctor	the good doctor
what is the name of a fantasy book	fantasy
where was the place that john sherwood die	john sherwood
what musician made ann street , s. 211	ann street , s. 211
what is poppy seed an active ingredient in	poppy seed
what is the format of coast to coast	coast to coast
what is ralph g. brooks 's gender ?	ralph g. brooks
what language was used in the film pray	pray
is john polson a boy or a girl	john polson
the song stay was apart of what album	stay
what is the gender of rob sinclair ?	rob sinclair
what is the language of the film circuit	circuit
what state was the fictional character icarus born	icarus
name a track by the artist victoria .	victoria
what is the subject of snow crash ?	snow crash
what type of license does windowblinds have ?	windowblinds
what is a song on the album bluebird	bluebird
which period was theodoor rombouts associated with ?	theodoor rombouts
who is a person born in mekong delta	mekong delta
what genre of music does mistakes represent ?	mistakes
what was mamoru sasaki 's cause of death	mamoru sasaki
who is the lyricist for i 'm alright	i 'm alright
which country is hiawatha 's rabbit hunt from	hiawatha 's rabbit hunt
what is the nationality of antoine préget ?	antoine préget
whats a governmental body that includes a councillor	councillor
who was the first bishop from thanjavur india	india
what are versions of rock band 2 ?	rock band 2
what kind of industry is the petron corporation	petron corporation
name a track released from 100 80s hits	100 80s hits
which release is one fine day in ?	one fine day
what is the occupation of prince valiant ?	prince valiant
what country is the movie immigrants from ?	immigrants
what writing system does the sindarin language use	sindarin language
what is the birth place of kelly pratt	kelly pratt
does giacomo puccini play classical music or pop	giacomo puccini
which drug formulation is of the category drug	drug
what kind of album is stop making sense	stop making sense
what form of music is old college avenue	old college avenue
what kind of release is rare diamonds ?	rare diamonds
what position does diego romano play at ?	diego romano
pulse is a song from what album recording	pulse
what kind of music does barry gibb play	barry gibb
what type of music does dave rees make	dave rees
what platform is portal 2 available on ?	portal 2
what is daniel johnston 's father 's name	daniel johnston
what type of movie is gut wrenching fear	gut wrenching fear
list a literary work from the psychology genre	psychology
at what site was 8872 ebenum discovered ?	8872 ebenum
what track came from the release evil heat	evil heat
which county is austin subdivision a part of	austin subdivision
which state is nevada state route 375 located	nevada state route 375
what kinds of tv program is born diva	born diva
what region is the city of piazzatorre in	piazzatorre
what episode is written by rebecca rand kirshner	rebecca rand kirshner
where was the cherries and clover filmed ?	cherries and clover
what war was ralph elihu becker part of	ralph elihu becker
what film did james gleason contribute too ?	james gleason
where was tv director maciej dutkiewicz born ?	maciej dutkiewicz
what did grover lewis do for a living	grover lewis
what nation does jane reece pledge allegiance to	jane reece
who is of caucasian race in babylon 5	caucasian
what type of show is big thinkers ?	big thinkers
who was a founder of vii photo agency	vii photo agency
what is a song version of texas ?	texas
what 's is a published example of fiction	fiction
what is the release type of frantic romantic	frantic romantic
what is a character in the boy friend	the boy friend
what is the sex of charles kent ?	charles kent
what is the gender specification of nuttapong tangkasam	nuttapong tangkasam
who wrote the story for la perla ?	la perla
what lyrics did billie joe armstrong write ?	billie joe armstrong
is the terror state punk rock or classical	the terror state
which time zone is olgiate comasco located in	olgiate comasco
what subject is the corporation nation book about	corporation nation
what films did ann roth design costumes for	ann roth
what was the release format of super 8	super 8
what type of release is 15 anos ?	15 anos
what type of music does mal waldron play	mal waldron
what is a village in united kingdom ?	united kingdom
around which main star does 10864 yamagatashi move	10864 yamagatashi
what is ben duala ekoko 's gender ?	ben duala ekoko
who recorded the track count on me ?	count on me
what is the genre for the film chavit	chavit
what is kathleen teresa scott 's astrology sign	kathleen teresa scott
what conflict was francis william farrell involved in	francis william farrell
which district in essex is belchamp otten in	belchamp otten
what genre of film is ibrahim labyad ?	ibrahim labyad
who produced the movie the great garrick ?	the great garrick
what kind of music does marina handri make	marina handri
where was joe tortolano given birth at ?	joe tortolano
what bollywood tamil film was released in 2004	bollywood
what is a game played on n-gage ?	n-gage
what 's a mystery written by charles sauer	mystery
name an artist under rso records record label	rso records
which place in the netherlands contains eersel ?	eersel
name a book focused on the history subject	history
what is craig mcaughtrie 's position in football	craig mcaughtrie
what sort of rock does the flames write	the flames
what is a track on lazy sunday 3	lazy sunday 3
what compilation album did frank zappa release ?	compilation album
where is rocky mountain news distributed at ?	rocky mountain news
who was the producer for the raven ?	the raven
what form of music is wish them well	wish them well
what is the nationality of glenn watkins ?	glenn watkins
who directed the episode the train job ?	the train job
who is the publisher of peace manoeuvres ?	peace manoeuvres
who released the album classics the early years	classics the early years
what kind of film is blue hill avenue	blue hill avenue
what kind of film is 3 américas ?	3 américas
what genre of music is chino & nacho	chino & nacho
which album is of the progressive rock genre	progressive rock
which capital city was tamara ustinov born in	tamara ustinov
which state is wild rice river located in	wild rice river
what is an original idea from john grinder	john grinder
what genre is the artist cape philharmonic orchestra	cape philharmonic orchestra
what is a release on the recording freestyle	freestyle
what kind of movie is the chasing sleep	chasing sleep
what type of music does mechanical poet play	mechanical poet
what type of fiction is the ivory trail	the ivory trail
what language is my fighting gentleman featured in	my fighting gentleman
what country produced the album heal my violence	heal my violence
what duo is signed to minit records ?	minit records
what type of movie is zatoichi meets yojimbo	zatoichi meets yojimbo
what is an episode of the simpsons ?	the simpsons
what country is the final inquiry from ?	the final inquiry
what is a book written by rudolf arnheim	rudolf arnheim
which football position is gilles cioni charged of	gilles cioni
what organization was founded by chuck smith ?	chuck smith
where is south salt lake , utah located	south salt lake , utah
what is the gender of john leboutillier ?	john leboutillier
which position did rodney landers in american football	rodney landers
which country is heart of my heart from	heart of my heart
what is a book written by michel houellebecq	michel houellebecq
who did the cinematography for the film timecode	timecode
what language family is the ibuoro language from	ibuoro language
what is the nationality of karol piegza ?	karol piegza
which ethnicity is mercito gesta a member of	mercito gesta
what country is in amar jaan amar pran	amar jaan amar pran
kunio maekawa 's architectural style is this .	kunio maekawa
what gender is john lafarge , jr. ?	john lafarge , jr.
what kind of movie is touch of death	touch of death
what nfl team is julius jones belongs to	julius jones
what series was the episode anne heche on	anne heche
what 's one of the hubs for luxair	luxair
who is an artist involved in find us	find us
the rhinemaidens is done on what artwork support	the rhinemaidens
what 's an album made by louis xiv	louis xiv
what type of film is snake eater ?	snake eater
which netflix genre is space jam in ?	space jam
name an album from the righteous brothers .	the righteous brothers
who is the composer of all good things	all good things
who is the writer of viva las vegas	viva las vegas
where is rutger castricum 's place of birth	rutger castricum
what is a symptom of diabetes mellitus ?	diabetes mellitus
who is the head coach of edmonton oilers	edmonton oilers
what is burgdorf , switzerland 's adminitrative type	burgdorf , switzerland
who was the casting director for blood diamond	blood diamond
which language is part of the niger–congo languages	niger–congo languages
what book was written by eric jerome dickey	eric jerome dickey
what 's a version of fatal fury special	fatal fury special
who is the mother of lee majors ?	lee majors
holden suburban was designed by which automaker ?	holden suburban
who created the music ( sketch ) ?	music ( sketch )
what is a game developed by philos laboratories	philos laboratories
name a station that plays the classic hits	classic hits
which industry is united breweries group associated with	united breweries group
what industry is sonoma wire works part of	sonoma wire works
what is a track by chris martin ?	chris martin
what food is typically served with vegetarian cuisine	vegetarian cuisine
what is the genre of the artist orbital	orbital
what 's a drama film released in 1961	drama film
in what state is west end located ?	west end
what 's a game published by eidos interactive	eidos interactive
what 's a peak in the rocky mountains	rocky mountains
what position does jim walsh jim walsh play	jim walsh
what football position does eugen polanski play ?	eugen polanski
name one audio engineer you are familiar with	audio engineer
what 's a song from brothers in arms	brothers in arms
which person was born in new york city	new york city
what game genre best describes nba live 08	nba live 08
whats the title of a cvg horror genre	horror
where did piero pierotti take his last breath	piero pierotti
where was the book the true game published	the true game
who was the writer of the movie chaplin	chaplin
what is the name of a compilation album	compilation album
what is the netflix genre of blood wars	blood wars
what kind of film is the poseidon adventure	the poseidon adventure
which genre is the film my valentine girls	my valentine girls
what was released from the album dangerous ?	dangerous
what cemetery was richard s. ewell buried at	richard s. ewell
st vincent college is a notable what ?	st vincent college
what is a song written by alice cooper	alice cooper
what island is within the greater sunda islands	greater sunda islands
who wrote the film ferrari ki sawaari ?	ferrari ki sawaari
what language is here without you composed in	here without you
what did herbert augustine carter die from ?	herbert augustine carter
who is john seward johnson ii 's dad	john seward johnson ii
what color does the minipress 2 capsule have	minipress 2 capsule
what 's an example of a sports car	sports car
what is the gender of hong kum-song ?	hong kum-song
what is a name of song in seattle	seattle
siren feasts is a book about what subject	siren feasts
which mountain range includes the mountain gasherbrum iii	gasherbrum iii
what artist made mambo ( music ) ?	mambo
what episode was mike kelley the writer of	mike kelley
whats a song by the artist duke ellington	duke ellington
what is a travel destination near pennywell farm	pennywell farm
in what state is medicine bow peak found	medicine bow peak
what type of game is viking child ?	viking child
what is an album by bob welch ?	bob welch
what is a book that is about canada	canada
what genre is the magazine new england review	new england review
what type of book is race of scorpions	race of scorpions
what city is located inside of suffolk county	suffolk county
what is the gender of lee hyung-min ?	lee hyung-min
what was goodbye sober day released on ?	goodbye sober day
which language is written in one clear call	one clear call
what is italo alighiero chiusano 's gender ?	italo alighiero chiusano
what type of pitch does rusty theron have	rusty theron
who created the bartender character in atlas shrugged	bartender character in atlas shrugged
what type of release is heartaches & hangovers	heartaches & hangovers
what type of music is the pulse eps	the pulse eps
who was born in lucan , dublin ?	lucan , dublin
what language is the pajama game written in	the pajama game
what are some lgbt films on netflix ?	lgbt
what is a book about the bible ?	the bible
what 's an album written by nobuo uematsu	nobuo uematsu
what instrument does victor guillermo ramos rangel play	victor guillermo ramos rangel
what is military officer a notable archetype of	military officer
who was the executive producer of struck ?	struck
which color is the shiloh shepherd dog generally	shiloh shepherd dog
what type of book is a theft ?	a theft
what schools are in university of denver ?	university of denver
what does ( 11982 ) 1995 uf6 orbit	( 11982 ) 1995 uf6
what company makes boniva 150 film coated tablet	boniva 150 film coated tablet
what 's an example of a drama film	drama film
which artist released the studio album mayyal ?	mayyal
what is a song on de blauwe schuit	de blauwe schuit
which position does martin paterson currently play ?	martin paterson
where did operation vigilant sentinel take place ?	operation vigilant sentinel
which lake can smallmouth bass be found in	smallmouth bass
in what language was the dolly sisters filmed	the dolly sisters
what is the nationality of anatoliy matkevych ?	anatoliy matkevych
what female country artist is featured on wkqc	wkqc
what is the book edition of white fang	white fang
what 's a book published by viking press	viking press
what was the format of the release bionic	bionic
who was the cinematography for moon over parador	moon over parador
what type of an organism is san san	san san
what type of work does katell quillevere do	katell quillevere
who is the artist that released ekti katha	ekti katha
where in california was stormy strong born ?	stormy strong
what 's an example of a drug formulation	drug
what type of book genre is black water	black water
what genre is the film the flower girl	the flower girl
what genre of videogame is rumble roses ?	rumble roses
which music label does susan cowsill belong to	susan cowsill
who was an artist that recorded mona lisa	mona lisa
what is an album released by pablo picasso	pablo picasso
what is the profession of rolf dahlgrün ?	rolf dahlgrün
is open cam a drama or lgbt film	open cam
what language is azhakiya ravanan filmed in ?	azhakiya ravanan
what is the sex of seumas o'kelly ?	seumas o'kelly
which country is the commune of luxembourg in	commune of luxembourg
what city is vancouver millionaires from ?	vancouver millionaires
which country was the hunyadi family from	hunyadi family
who was a child of mithibai jinnah	mithibai jinnah
what 's an example of an album	album
which country was the yamakinkarudu movie produced	yamakinkarudu
what author wrote the book liquor ?	liquor
what was marcy rae 's profession ?	marcy rae
what industry does critical software operate in	critical software
which genre is teri meri kahaani under	teri meri kahaani
what is a track from dirty love	dirty love
what is peter hlinka 's nationality ?	peter hlinka
what track is on minutes to midnight	minutes to midnight
what kind of movie is the frame-up	the frame-up
what country is ivesdale a part of	ivesdale
what region is oratino located in ?	oratino
which country was goga kapoor born in	goga kapoor
what profession does liz toonkel have ?	liz toonkel
what is helena christensen 's nationality ?	helena christensen
what is a game published by namco	namco
does david gottesman follow judaism or buddhism	david gottesman
what country is medford bryan evans from	medford bryan evans
who is steve whan 's parent ?	steve whan
what is bink ! 's profession ?	bink !
what is a type of fantasy ?	fantasy
which language is spoken in gautam govinda	gautam govinda
where is 374 burgundia in the universe	374 burgundia
what is peter schrøder 's profession ?	peter schrøder
what is an album by shawn mullins	shawn mullins
in what time zone is bidonì located	bidonì
what martial art does james figg do	james figg
what genre is the album mabruk ?	mabruk
what is nicholas zakharenko 's nationality ?	nicholas zakharenko
what 's an instrumental rock album ?	instrumental rock
which artist made home grown studio sessions	home grown studio sessions
what is anne salmond 's profession ?	anne salmond
what is william wall 's gender ?	william wall
what imprints has simon and schuster created	simon and schuster
what is a film about racism ?	racism
what country is cuba crossing from ?	cuba crossing
which city was helen grant born in	helen grant
where was anna pavlova buried after death	anna pavlova
which business operation does artscroll fall under	artscroll
what was named for pietro badoglio ?	pietro badoglio
name a song written by bob dylan	bob dylan
which label is don mclean signed under	don mclean
what is zhang heping 's gender ?	zhang heping
what is written by han suyin ?	han suyin
what is a track from the car	the car
who was the lyricist for thin thread	thin thread
what was the lead single off stay	stay
which compositions were done by neko case	neko case
what 's a name of a soundtrack	soundtrack
what artist made the album planetary unknown	planetary unknown
what is mike stocker 's gender ?	mike stocker
what did john denver write lyrics for	john denver
what country is takahiko akiyama from ?	takahiko akiyama
what label is bill curbishley on ?	bill curbishley
what is daniel garodnick 's profession ?	daniel garodnick
what is vivi bach 's nationality ?	vivi bach
what position does mariano bogliacino play ?	mariano bogliacino
where is the old mutual namibia headquarters	old mutual namibia headquarters
what tv show did kevin mcdonald make	kevin mcdonald
what is a book about fiction ?	fiction
what is the ethnicity of james lasdun	james lasdun
what kind of book is the south	the south
what genre is the mr. t experience	the mr. t experience
what is the gender of james hahn	james hahn
what is the ethnicity of tran jeong	tran jeong
what is the nationality of edward ternes	edward ternes
which netflix genre is the oath ?	the oath
which releases contains the recording oslo ?	oslo
where is kedzie ( metra ) lovated	kedzie
in what country was outing riley filmed	outing riley
which country was guilherme fontes born in	guilherme fontes
what kind of book is lo es	lo es
name a place within the united states	united states
what is the record label of gerling	gerling
where was wesley van der linden born	wesley van der linden
which country does dominic deutscher come from	dominic deutscher
which song is composed by steve rothery	song
what is the nationality of lillian mcmurry	lillian mcmurry
what type of book is road hogs	road hogs
what kind of movie is the beast	the beast
what is a song recorded by anggun	anggun
what kind of film is rossana ?	rossana
what compositions have dan smith made ?	dan smith
what album was made by katie melua	katie melua
what time zone is versailles township in	versailles township
who directed the film three blind mouseketeers	three blind mouseketeers
what album is beverly hills featured on	beverly hills
what sort of show is green acres	green acres
what is the genre of the magic	magic
what is matt gentry 's gender ?	matt gentry
what is michiyo okusu 's gender ?	michiyo okusu
what is lion feuchtwanger known for ?	lion feuchtwanger
in which area is almè located in	almè
what is nikola rachelle 's gender ?	nikola rachelle
what position does iván malón play ?	iván malón
what is an album by excalibur ?	excalibur
what wold be a black metal album	black metal
what is benny goodman 's profession ?	benny goodman
what is walter bonatti 's profession ?	walter bonatti
where was the book everyman published ?	everyman
what color is papillon ( dog )	papillon
name a principality located in puerto rico	puerto rico
what defensive position does alphonso carreker play	alphonso carreker
what conflict did günter kuhnke participate in	günter kuhnke
what genre is the artist armani xxxchange	armani xxxchange
what film is wolf an example of	wolf
where was jennifer s. rose given birth	jennifer s. rose
what films is burny mattinson credited in	burny mattinson
what is doreen denning 's gender ?	doreen denning
where was frederick viii of denmark buried	frederick viii of denmark
which time zone is marijampolė county in	marijampolė county
what organization is founded by gertrude rush	gertrude rush
who produced the film hell baby ?	hell baby
what track did bryan ferry produce ?	bryan ferry
what kind of film is water lilies	water lilies
what is the time zone in lebanon	lebanon
what is jennifer butler 's gender ?	jennifer butler
what are ricky van shelton 's songs	ricky van shelton
what is a track by revelation time	revelation time
who is a famous austrailian screenwriter ?	screenwriter
who was the author of bush country	bush country
what is the film david copperfield about	david copperfield
which artist released the album octavarium ?	octavarium
what tract is released by derek sherinian	derek sherinian
what area does wqmz broadcast in ?	wqmz
what nation is guy endore from ?	guy endore
what animated cartoon was about ducks ?	animated cartoon
what is the format of ipad 2	ipad 2
who published mr. driller : drill land	mr. driller : drill land
what tracks are by gary rossington ?	gary rossington
what league does steve crossley play in	steve crossley
what is the release track off moondance	moondance
who is the eighth avatar in hinduism	hinduism
what country is alvin chea from ?	alvin chea
where was the birthplace of roy messing	roy messing
who was the director of over 21	over 21
where was lourdes domínguez lino born ?	lourdes domínguez lino
which country is james j. howard from	james j. howard
what game is an action game ?	action game
what song was released on hard times	hard times
where is the birthplace of mario cipollini	mario cipollini
what is declan mccullagh best know as	declan mccullagh
which nationality does dorothea störr-ritter identify with	dorothea störr-ritter
name a track off the recording memphis	memphis
who wrote the tv series soul train	soul train
name a book from the sport subject	sport
which structures did john eberson designed ?	john eberson
which hot springs is locted in arizona	arizona
what administrative area type is puno region	puno region
what is the nationality of benjamin demott	benjamin demott
what was a game published by thq	thq
is syne mitchell a male or female	syne mitchell
name a community located in missouri .	missouri
where was chris avram when he died	chris avram
what position does františek kolenatý play ?	františek kolenatý
whats an example of a soundtrack album	soundtrack
what religion does jean-luc marion belong to	jean-luc marion
what defensive position does ingo schlösser play	ingo schlösser
what is a game that capcom developed	capcom
who is the parent of barry mcguigan	barry mcguigan
what country is shinobu satou from ?	shinobu satou
what series is zero hour from ?	zero hour
what battle did george rooke participate in	george rooke
what is alan marks 's gender ?	alan marks
what war was michael seymour involved in	michael seymour
which bridge crossed the monongahela river ?	monongahela river
which movie was produced by sylvester stallone	sylvester stallone
what type of genre is cornered ?	cornered
who is the creator of astro boy	astro boy
is damone johnson a male or female	damone johnson
what known director directed the vanishing duck	the vanishing duck
in what language is the film smarty	smarty
where did mary ann aldersey die ?	mary ann aldersey
name someone born in pingtung city .	pingtung city
which religion does ernst von manstein practice	ernst von manstein
in what genre does briana scott perform	briana scott
what is a national park in wyoming	national park
where is the alsea river located ?	alsea river
what is samuel morley 's nationality ?	samuel morley
what type of film is robin hood	robin hood
who made the album the looks ?	the looks
what release is the song raphael on	raphael
what country was gold rush maisie about	gold rush maisie
what netflix genre is the film saathiya	saathiya
which offensive tackle was born in tallinn	tallinn
who is the artist that recorded timeless	timeless
where in the world is otago museum	otago museum
oswaldo calvo identifies with what country ?	oswaldo calvo
who produced the film loves labours lost	loves labours lost
what state is antelope valley in ?	antelope valley
what company is kino signed with ?	kino
what tracks are on be heard ?	be heard
what is a place in united states	united states
what format was burgundy released as ?	burgundy
what kind of school is albuquerque academy	albuquerque academy
what language was luna mesa filmed in	luna mesa
what is a version of alaska called	alaska
what is the topic of sparta systems	sparta systems
what country is sunny madeline sandler from	sunny madeline sandler
what is john massari best known for	john massari
what album did the artist tuxedomoon make	tuxedomoon
what is the expected type of author	author
what kinds of music is low estate	low estate
what is the book yellowstone treasures about	yellowstone treasures
which religion did mary butts subscribe to	mary butts
which city as the area code 985	area code 985
the great train robbery is by who	the great train robbery
what politic party supports christian democracy ?	christian democracy
who authored birds of prey vol. 5	birds of prey vol. 5
who directed the film the purple heart	the purple heart
who was born in petah tikva ?	petah tikva
what area is the release nevermind from	nevermind
what is the edition of washington irving	washington irving
what 's an example of an album	album
what subject does knitting for dummies cover	knitting for dummies
what kind of game is kao challengers	kao challengers
where was bobby del greco born ?	bobby del greco
who is the author for certifiable ?	certifiable
what shape is tamoxifen citrate 20 tablet	tamoxifen citrate 20 tablet
whats the title of a bollywood movie	bollywood
what 's a town in louisiana ?	louisiana
which language is spoken in 8th wonderland	8th wonderland
name a track by wishbone ash .	wishbone ash
what kind of genre is hobgoblins 2	hobgoblins 2
what books has hannah whitall smith written	hannah whitall smith
what format was venus released on ?	venus
what is a compilation album from 2006	album
what caused the death of wendy goldstein	wendy goldstein
what country gives nationality to frédéric studer	frédéric studer
what area is fly by night from	fly by night
what is a lacrosse team in edmonton	edmonton
what is a classic car by mercury	mercury
what is a game developed by mystique	mystique
what airline flies out of hannover airport	hannover airport
what is a place located in italy	italy
what is rubén quevedo known as ?	rubén quevedo
name a work by brian selznick .	brian selznick
what is sébastien menestrier 's gender ?	sébastien menestrier
what is the format of new denver	new denver
what city was joseph-hector fiocco born ?	joseph-hector fiocco
what genre of music does catamenia produce	catamenia
what did ann marie fleming do ?	ann marie fleming
where is the st. louis rams located	st. louis rams
where was abdul halim of kedah born	abdul halim of kedah
what is heinrich böll 's birth place	heinrich böll
what is nykesha sales 's national origin	nykesha sales
what is written by william willimon ?	william willimon
who manufactures perphenazine 4 film coated tablet	perphenazine 4 film coated tablet
who is the writer of perfect creature	perfect creature
who composed the song love comes quickly	love comes quickly
mixed race album was produced by who	mixed race
what is the title track of stay	stay
what country is maurice najman from ?	maurice najman
what instrument does jason roberts play ?	jason roberts
which recordings contain the track oman ?	oman
what kind of music does waterclime perform	waterclime
what celestial body does 21250 kamikouchi orbit	21250 kamikouchi
what is an album by andré previn	andré previn
what language is spoken in the day	the day
what county is west point based in	west point
what is hernán gumy best known for	hernán gumy
what genre is girl of the rio	girl of the rio
actor kang min-ho was born where ?	kang min-ho
who was killed due to myocardial infarction	myocardial infarction
which fear factor episode involved wrecking balls	fear factor
where is the movie dibu 3 from	dibu 3
which company is a manufacturing longbridge plant	longbridge plant
what artist is responsible for recording io	io
who did the cinematography for the medallion	the medallion
whats a track of the recording 1984	1984
what is amra sadiković knows most for	amra sadiković
what is habib ali al-jifri 's religion	habib ali al-jifri
which fictional character does chuck yeager represent	chuck yeager
what language was blue composed in ?	blue
which area can be found in london	london
what is queen 's compilation album called	queen
what is a track on chasing amy	chasing amy
where was edwin milton abbott born ?	edwin milton abbott
what type of movie is forever hardcore	forever hardcore
who wrote lolita ( 1997 film )	lolita
what is kroy biermann 's nationality ?	kroy biermann
what type of film is storm warning	storm warning
what time zone is used in jollyville	jollyville
what type of film is courage ?	courage
who published the comic book series annihilation	annihilation
what city is located in gogebic county	gogebic county
where was yummy bingham born at ?	yummy bingham
what is the featured song from evolution	evolution
which time zone does roccaverano belong to	roccaverano
what religion is practiced at the mihinthale	mihinthale
which album did eric roberson release ?	eric roberson
which breed of dog is red ?	red
what country gives lorena ochoa her nationality	lorena ochoa
what type of license does milk have	milk
what genre is dennis mcgee associated with	dennis mcgee
where was mohammed v of morocco born	mohammed v of morocco
what physical format was decade released on	decade
which movie is directed by jason bateman	jason bateman
who was cat scratch fever composed by	cat scratch fever
which country is salalah airport located in	salalah airport
what romance film was released in 2006	romance film
what is ed holley known to be	ed holley
who is a parent of julie delpy	julie delpy
what genre music is future language ?	future language
whats the title of a drama movie	drama
who produced the release bricks are heavy	bricks are heavy
who produced the album christ versus warhol	christ versus warhol
what gaming company made pacific fighters ?	pacific fighters
which city is the howrah bridge in	howrah bridge
which travel destination is sandcastle waterpark by	sandcastle waterpark
what film is an animation film ?	animation
where in canada did jack caffery die	jack caffery
what kind of film is saurian ?	saurian
name an island in the caribbean sea	caribbean sea
which area does the broadcast wmma serve	wmma
what type of film is my princess	my princess
who is an editor for empire state	empire state
what is promethazine used to help cure	promethazine
what has christian unitarianism branched into ?	unitarianism
which label is terror twilight signed under	terror twilight
what player mode is sonic jam ?	sonic jam
what types of music is saul williams	saul williams
what cargill a private or public company	cargill
what country was 7 years released in	7 years
what is the rhumba boogie 's form	the rhumba boogie
which drama film was made in 1959	drama film
what is sebastian knight 's nationality ?	sebastian knight
what is daniel domachowski 's profession ?	daniel domachowski
which time zone is mifflin part of	mifflin
how did william s. burroughs pass away	william s. burroughs
who is giuliana rancic 's child ?	giuliana rancic
which city was mickey walls born in	mickey walls
what sector does womankind worldwide belong to	womankind worldwide
what person is an ashkenazi jews ?	ashkenazi jews
what is chris diani 's nationality ?	chris diani
what is a track off leisure noise	leisure noise
what language is spoken in boo moon	boo moon
who composed i do n't do windows	i do n't do windows
where was jesse r. pitts born ?	jesse r. pitts
who wrote the film looking for richard	looking for richard
what genre is leather maiden under ?	leather maiden
which label did polyphonic size sign to	polyphonic size
which book is in the gender fantasy	fantasy
whats the name of a bollywood movie	bollywood
what kind of movie is the exam	the exam
what films were directed by ted post	ted post
which indian model was born in pune	pune
whose album is the essential beatles ?	the essential beatles
what position does century milstead play ?	century milstead
what animal was golduck in pokemon ?	golduck
which country was richard castelino born in	richard castelino
which genre is the book divided kingdom	divided kingdom
the release queer stems from which region	queer
which movie is directed by fred wilcox	fred wilcox
which track did farewell to freeway make	farewell to freeway
what books have konrad duden written ?	konrad duden
who was involved in battle of eretria	battle of eretria
what is amy schell known as ?	amy schell
what software did robert hyatt develop ?	robert hyatt
what type of music is dj quixotic	dj quixotic
what company made intel core 2 ?	intel core 2
what is haskell robert sadler known for	haskell robert sadler
what country is alaa abd el-fattah from	alaa abd el-fattah
who composed lovely to look at ?	lovely to look at
what botanical garden is in columbus ?	columbus
which artist performs the disco genre ?	disco
what is ( 9792 ) 1996 bx1	( 9792 ) 1996 bx1
what time zone does cles belong to	cles
what film portrayed the subject of racism	racism
what is henry stephens salt 's religion	henry stephens salt
what type of school is pomfret school	pomfret school
what music was composed by b. reith	b. reith
what is austin a notable example of	austin
what album is a compilation album ?	compilation album
which track is part of garden party	garden party
who is a male audio engineer ?	audio engineer
taylor series was named after whom ?	taylor series
where was herbert hugo menges 's death	herbert hugo menges
which subject is the book liberty about	liberty
what genre is 1612 in in netflix	1612
what is the sex of ed peck	ed peck
who was born in wichita , kansas	wichita , kansas
where in texas was kevin ollie born	kevin ollie
name a drug that contains serine .	serine
which pg-13 film stars jackie chan ?	pg-13
which mountain is located in peru ?	peru
is madonna a male or a female	madonna
what is john kean 's gender ?	john kean
what is marthinus van schalkwyk 's job	marthinus van schalkwyk
what type of media does kyns broadcast	kyns
what the name of an asteroid belt	asteroid belt
where is pico simón bolívar located ?	pico simón bolívar
what books did geoffrey chaucer write ?	geoffrey chaucer
where is brandeis university , main campus	brandeis university , main campus
which war did charles lynch participate in	charles lynch
what company is razorback signed with ?	razorback
how does bob graham shoot in hockey	bob graham
what is pál zolnay 's nationality ?	pál zolnay
which gender does steve parker belong to	steve parker
where did battle of reading happen ?	battle of reading
which film did grant hill produce ?	grant hill
what sort of album is hate culture	hate culture
what is a book about religion ?	religion
what basketball position did trevor releford play	trevor releford
what icelandic artist sings the song iceland	iceland
what is mike parker pearson 's nationality	mike parker pearson
what game was developed by capcom ?	capcom
what is an album from john lydon	john lydon
which department is calvados a part of	calvados
what is located within shasta county borders	shasta county
which position does football player zico play	zico
what kind of movie is original sin	original sin
where in europe is west somerset located	west somerset
what netflix genre does lolo belong to	lolo
what is the gender of bert weedon	bert weedon
what country is autumn sonata from ?	autumn sonata
what kind of music does torres make	torres
what language is pocoyo filmed in ?	pocoyo
what faith does st margaret pattens support	st margaret pattens
where is the north georgia mountains ?	north georgia mountains
what musical genre does miki imai make	miki imai
what 's an album by frédéric chopin	frédéric chopin
what is stéphane bohli known for ?	stéphane bohli
what is an album by david ball	david ball
what nationality is arthur q. bryan ?	arthur q. bryan
who is the owner of arundel mills	arundel mills
which county can perry be found in	perry
what is francis of assisi about ?	francis of assisi
where was the palace of angels filmed	the palace of angels
which city was natalia castellanos born in	natalia castellanos
whats the name of midfielder football player	midfielder
who produced bridge over troubled water ?	bridge over troubled water
who was born in rio de janeiro	rio de janeiro
which country is cashiers located in ?	cashiers
what state is theodore baird residence in	theodore baird residence
what war did joseph guillemot participate in	joseph guillemot
what profession did jewish emery roth have	emery roth
what is baseball position of bill hague	bill hague
where was ready to receive released ?	ready to receive
what type of volcano is opala volcano	opala volcano
where in france did alberto magnelli die	alberto magnelli
what book is written about ecclesiology ?	ecclesiology
where is crossing of the andes located	crossing of the andes
what is sigmund groven 's gender ?	sigmund groven
what 's the original version of komodo	komodo
what record label is bebe winans under	bebe winans
what label is the spotnicks contracted with	the spotnicks
what minor planet orbits the sun ?	the sun
whos someone born in the catskill mountains	catskill mountains
who composed the song cars collide ?	cars collide
which album is a compilation album ?	compilation album
what kind of movie is shirley adams	shirley adams
who is the author that wrote synners	synners
what kind of film is human stuff	human stuff
what male actor was born in chicago	chicago
name a film in the genre black-and-white	black-and-white
where is the gers river located ?	gers
which language is procesado 1040 filmed in	procesado 1040
what albums are by boston symphony orchestra	boston symphony orchestra
which olympic games was freestyle skiing contested	freestyle skiing
what is a tourist attraction in basel	basel
where did jorge rafael videla die ?	jorge rafael videla
which city is placed in flagler county	flagler county
what artist recorded the album hand cut	hand cut
what 's a german language romance film	romance film
what is edward lucas 's profession ?	edward lucas
what is mark thompson 's nationality ?	mark thompson
name an album released by virgin records	virgin records
what nation is patrick cobbs from ?	patrick cobbs
what kind of food is cafe mozu	cafe mozu
who wrote the book the sagan diary	the sagan diary
what is the release track on telephone	telephone
which drugs does mylan laboratories inc. manufacture	mylan laboratories inc.
what are album by wolfgang amadeus mozart	wolfgang amadeus mozart
what is the subject of film history	film history
what is a train station is japan	japan
what player is a goalkeeper in football	goalkeeper
what is the gender of kailash sharma	kailash sharma
what song was produce by chas chandler	chas chandler
what are positions played by kostadin dzhambazov	kostadin dzhambazov
which city did muhammad azam shah die	muhammad azam shah
which baseball pitcher is from northridge ?	northridge
what is arthur blenkinsop 's gender ?	arthur blenkinsop
what 's a remix made by atb	atb
which country is rama narayanan originally from	rama narayanan
who made the game shadow hearts ?	shadow hearts
what is a work by david malouf	david malouf
which movie is produced by sophie reynaud	sophie reynaud
which state is martin county located in	martin county
which actor was born in sydney ?	actor
what soccer position does georgi vasilev play	georgi vasilev
what something written by lisa kleypas ?	lisa kleypas
the track energy is from what release	energy
which film was produced by zhang yuan	zhang yuan
name someone who was born in liverpool	liverpool
where did arthur g. hansen die ?	arthur g. hansen
what is tim vine 's native language	tim vine
what instrument can caleb scofield play ?	caleb scofield
what is an institution in dartmouth college	dartmouth college
what is the release track on vietnam	vietnam
what basketball position does luke harangody play	luke harangody
what type of film is last night	last night
what albums did taj mahal record ?	taj mahal
what release is the recording closer from	closer
what languages does byron l. wilson speak	byron l. wilson
where was sharps rifle manufacturing company founded	sharps rifle manufacturing company
what 's a track from jamie saft	jamie saft
shamanism deals with what subjects and themes	shamanism
which play did trevor nunn direct ?	trevor nunn
who composed sahara ( instrumental ) ?	sahara ( instrumental )
who published the game version nhl 2002	nhl 2002
what is a crime fiction film ?	crime fiction
what is the gender of pasquale tola	pasquale tola
which sports team play at villa park	villa park
what war did charles ward participate in	charles ward
what is james buckman 's gender ?	james buckman
what country is jay robert nash from	jay robert nash
what company manufactures motion sickness 50 tablet	motion sickness 50 tablet
which album is a compilation album type	compilation album
which country is the movie thunderbirds from	thunderbirds
which actor was born in st. louis	st. louis
who developed star wars : battlefront ?	star wars : battlefront
what is the category of narrows pond	narrows pond
what is the rating for canadian bacon	canadian bacon
which area is haight-ashbury a part of	haight-ashbury
what 's a release from veronica lake	veronica lake
what is the profession of chapman mortimer	chapman mortimer
which town did henry clay longnecker die	henry clay longnecker
which release track is yellow submarine ?	yellow submarine
what books have ray kurzweil written ?	ray kurzweil
what color is the flector 180 patch	flector 180 patch
what song did adrian belew write ?	adrian belew
what us state is conyers estates in	conyers estates
what is jon abrahams 's nationality ?	jon abrahams
which opera singer died of natural causes	natural causes
what is an organization found in kazakhstan	kazakhstan
what is mary scheer 's profession ?	mary scheer
which programmer was born in marseille ?	marseille
what episode did james frawley direct ?	james frawley
what type of license is canton ?	canton
what industry does fidelity ventures operate within	fidelity ventures
what is the gender of clint carmichael	clint carmichael
who was the founder of motorola ?	motorola
what is the sex of john hewitt	john hewitt
what is a track on the drones	the drones
what is a recording of triangle called	triangle
what language do the indian people speak	indian people
which video game did bullfrog productions develop	bullfrog productions
what country gives nationality to ivan nepryaev	ivan nepryaev
which album is sex & exes from	sex & exes
what position does donté stallworth play ?	donté stallworth
which medicine subcategory is streptococcal pharyngitis in	streptococcal pharyngitis
where was the heart of christmas released	the heart of christmas
what type of film is xoxosms ?	xoxosms
what type of release was simply beautiful	simply beautiful
who developed murder on the zinderneuf ?	murder on the zinderneuf
which film did ewa jastrzebska produce ?	ewa jastrzebska
what song did carl wilson compose ?	carl wilson
what martial art does morihei ueshiba practice	morihei ueshiba
what is track of the 1987 album	1987
what type of program is captain barbell	captain barbell
what disease caused paulo goulart 's death	paulo goulart
name a book written by rosa luxemburg	rosa luxemburg
what time zone is used in zenevredo	zenevredo
for what platform was zoo keeper developed	zoo keeper
which artist released the album troublemaker ?	troublemaker
what is a gunfighter also known as	gunfighter
where is the eastern alps located ?	eastern alps
name a work by anita desai .	anita desai
what is the administrative parent of tianjin	tianjin
is supervolcano an action film or comedy	supervolcano
what type of musical release is resolution	resolution
what is joseph beattie 's gender ?	joseph beattie
what tv genre is the program claudine	claudine
which language was bearded man originally in	bearded man
in what country was salvador allende shoot	salvador allende
what is george washington donaghey 's profession	george washington donaghey
the the stranglers could be best called	the stranglers
which country is gaily , gaily from	gaily , gaily
which album is created by kylie minogue	kylie minogue
name an outfielder from the 1930s .	outfielder
which song is on the recording dirrty	dirrty
what is the nationality of frederick colberg	frederick colberg
which film did leni riefenstahl directed ?	leni riefenstahl
what type of film is deadly blessing	deadly blessing
who is the author of the postman	the postman
where does cassinetta di lugagnano lie ?	cassinetta di lugagnano
what kind of film is lovely troubles	lovely troubles
which genre does instrumental rock affiliate with	instrumental rock
what genre is the book twin telepathy	twin telepathy
what position did tommy taylor play ?	tommy taylor
what is a tourist attraction in agadir	agadir
what does 25673 di mascio orbit ?	25673 di mascio
what is the nationality of anatoly vlasov	anatoly vlasov
what is song is from power ballads	power ballads
who produced kamen rider : the first	kamen rider : the first
what is a recording of adidas called	adidas
what language is from digging the grave	digging the grave
where was the amateur adventure released ?	the amateur adventure
what language does sikke'n familie belong to	sikke'n familie
what album is by bryan ferry ?	bryan ferry
what 's a book that covers california	california
what kind of novel is changeling ?	changeling
who is hodierna of jerusalem 's mother	hodierna of jerusalem
what is a work by mike elizondo	mike elizondo
what program is a documentary film ?	documentary film
what is a work by wolfgang rihm	wolfgang rihm
where was welcome to the party released	welcome to the party
the gender of falaba issa traoré .	falaba issa traoré
which person was born in thiruvananthapuram ?	thiruvananthapuram
name an american novelist born in kalamazoo	kalamazoo
what songs are by roy hamilton ?	roy hamilton
what is lydia blanco 's gender ?	lydia blanco
what did charles burnett participate in ?	charles burnett
what kind of music does mirk play	mirk
what game was published by electronic arts	electronic arts
what kind of album is qué hiciste	qué hiciste
what is stu martin know for being	stu martin
what city did karl g. maeser die	karl g. maeser
where was wheel of fortune ep released	wheel of fortune ep
where did grady cooper 's life begin	grady cooper
name a ruler in the denmark kingdom	denmark
which track contains death of a player	death of a player
what type of show is karate kommandos	karate kommandos
how does clement fowler make a living	clement fowler
what genre of film is friends ?	friends
where is fentanyl 100 patch available ?	fentanyl 100 patch
who is somebody that died from decapitation	decapitation
what albums are by billy bragg ?	billy bragg
what kind of cancer killed charles bernheimer	charles bernheimer
what language is used in philippa gregory	philippa gregory
what type of album is breaking bad	breaking bad
what position has howard barbieri ever played	howard barbieri
what film art did cedric gibbons direct	cedric gibbons
mister cory was directed by what director	mister cory
what soccer position does jamie o'hara play	jamie o'hara
which artist recorded the album misa criolla	misa criolla
what 's a book written about photography	photography
which language is the book edenborn in	edenborn
which country is of the essence from	of the essence
what is tim floyd 's career ?	tim floyd
who is a parent of jack gross	jack gross
what 's an album by michael nyman	michael nyman
what song did terry wogan sing ?	terry wogan
what is canonical version of ethics ?	ethics
what is zsa zsa gabor ethnic background	zsa zsa gabor
what book did david flanagan write ?	david flanagan
which country was the film hitman from	hitman
where was the audrey hepburn story made	the audrey hepburn story
what is jade grace 's profession ?	jade grace
is envenomed an album or an ep	envenomed
where was dagli appennini alle ande released	dagli appennini alle ande
who produced the film unmade beds ?	unmade beds
what style of architecture is pittock mansion	pittock mansion
where is the place of heinrich himmler	heinrich himmler
what type of ship is uss bashaw	uss bashaw
what album is small change featured on	small change
what album has san jose in it	san jose
what album did linda perry compose ?	linda perry
what is the gender of peter saphier	peter saphier
what is tony fair best known for	tony fair
what color is the breed biewer terrier	biewer terrier
which language did tharaka language originate from	tharaka language
what is vital aza 's job ?	vital aza
what wine was produced in california ?	california
name a place in jackson county .	jackson county
with which genre do les variations identify	les variations
which tracks did devin townsend engineer ?	devin townsend
name a football player that played forward	forward
where is fataleka language spoken at ?	fataleka language
what language is my way predominantly in	my way
what format is the best of ?	the best of
what gender does norton mccoy identify as	norton mccoy
what is barrie baycats 's color ?	barrie baycats
what type pf genre is nasrani ?	nasrani
list a game released on the turbografx-16	turbografx-16
who wrote here she comes now ?	here she comes now
what movie was written by christopher mcquarrie	christopher mcquarrie
who is a notable defender in football	defender
where did alexi amarista originally come from	alexi amarista
what is the career of paolo cavara	paolo cavara
where is tha ' rayne from ?	tha ' rayne
what are video games developed by transgaming	transgaming
which country created the film zimmer 606	zimmer 606
who is the author of malcolm x	malcolm x
what is the gender of ike nwankwo	ike nwankwo
what game genre is psi chess within	psi chess
what is alexandru solomon 's nationality ?	alexandru solomon
which artists are signed with nuclear blast	nuclear blast
what is joana mendl-fink 's nationality ?	joana mendl-fink
what is foot drop a symptom of	foot drop
who was the producer of shine ?	shine
whats the position that greg blue plays	greg blue
what 's the canonical version of jewel	jewel
what is don page 's gender ?	don page
what was glenda hatchett 's profession ?	glenda hatchett
what shape is equaline ibuprofen 200 tablet	equaline ibuprofen 200 tablet
what is semih kaplanoğlu 's profession ?	semih kaplanoğlu
what language is pom poko in ?	pom poko
what label does steve reid record under	steve reid
which man was born in newark ?	newark
what gender is palani subramaniam pillai ?	palani subramaniam pillai
which war did paul logasa bogen attend	paul logasa bogen
what genre of music is selena ?	selena
which album is released by sham 69	album
what format was live & alive released	live & alive
what is an airport close to skopje	skopje
what job sector does clout work in	clout
what type of object is 10888 yamatano-orochi	10888 yamatano-orochi
what type of film is black soul	black soul
which industry does china mobile work in	china mobile
who was a parent of theophilus cibber	theophilus cibber
who was the producer of pamela ?	pamela
which recording contains the track colorado ?	colorado
what religion did joe e. kernan practice	joe e. kernan
what genre is the artist larry groce	larry groce
what 's an album released in 1990	album
what is missouri school of journalism ?	missouri school of journalism
which artist recorded the song new orleans	new orleans
where is william stewart halsted born ?	william stewart halsted
what film did steve tisch produce ?	steve tisch
what are springfield high school 's colors	springfield high school
what is mike oldfield 's profession ?	mike oldfield
what is the profession of iain pears	iain pears
what is the classification of 3841 dicicco	3841 dicicco
what neighborhood is hillcrest a part of	hillcrest
what female astronomer did discover 2932 kempchinsky	2932 kempchinsky
which blues-rock artist appeared in 1965 ?	blues-rock
name a city in sebastian county ?	sebastian county
what is an example track from shooter	shooter
what war did lew wallace participate in	lew wallace
what album did jack wilson release ?	jack wilson
what continent released the album classic hits	classic hits
which industry is lands ' end in	lands ' end
what is emmanuel saada best known for	emmanuel saada
what nation is charles e. leiserson from	charles e. leiserson
where is henri mouhot pass away ?	henri mouhot
exile is classified as what book genre	exile
what person was born in jaworzno ?	jaworzno
which recording contains the track rabat ?	rabat
which woman was born in auckland ?	auckland
darrius barnes was born in this city	darrius barnes
what kind of film is guru ?	guru
what label is trevor bolder signed to	trevor bolder
what album is the track curtains from	curtains
which time zone does añasco associate with	añasco
what type of film is in heaven	in heaven
where was bright red released in ?	bright red
what film was directed by hal hartley	hal hartley
what is sosthene yao 's nationality ?	sosthene yao
which netflix genre is plaga zombie under	plaga zombie
the release track fantasy is from what	fantasy
who conducted españa , rhapsody for orchestra	españa , rhapsody for orchestra
which industry is schnitzer steel industries in	schnitzer steel industries
who is the father of chris matheson	chris matheson
what language was yuyake gumo written in	yuyake gumo
what genre of music is teklab.fm ?	teklab.fm
what language was bashing filmed in ?	bashing
which film was written by famke janssen	famke janssen
what position did craig mactavish play ?	craig mactavish
to what netflix genre does gamer belong	gamer
what is the sex of charles lallemand	charles lallemand
what is spyridon trikoupis 's profession ?	spyridon trikoupis
which film did gary nelson direct ?	gary nelson
which city does mariana gurkova reside in	mariana gurkova
what parks are in the bronx ?	the bronx
what is aleksandr sinyukov 's nationality ?	aleksandr sinyukov
what is jay bell 's profession .	jay bell
where did paul gerson unna die ?	paul gerson unna
which country is josé gómez ortega from	josé gómez ortega
what film did majid majidi direct ?	majid majidi
who created the story for hunter ?	hunter
what is a secondary school in england	england
real men is what genre of music	real men
what was written by jacquelyn mitchard ?	jacquelyn mitchard
what is patricia schroeder 's gender ?	patricia schroeder
which football position does ramon saro play	ramon saro
what is levon helm 's vocal range	levon helm
what is sakura sakurada 's sexual orientation	sakura sakurada
what country is freddie prinze originally from	freddie prinze
who was berrien springs named after ?	berrien springs
what is warren alfson 's gender ?	warren alfson
what kind of film is the captive	the captive
which episode did yves simoneau direct ?	yves simoneau
what is lithium used to treat ?	lithium
what is the release track on evita	evita
what type of music does taktloss create	taktloss
what is there to do in burlington	burlington
what kind of an album is diner	diner
which group released the four seasons ?	the four seasons
which medical condition did robert joffrey have	robert joffrey
who edited the film capturing the friedmans	capturing the friedmans
who was born in moulins , allier	moulins
what film set did danielle berman design	danielle berman
what language is spoken in belgian american	belgian american
which architecture firm made 25 bank street	25 bank street
what language was dakshayagnam filmed in ?	dakshayagnam
what album is edith piaf the artist	edith piaf
what school can be found in utah	utah
whose visual art form consists of painting	painting
what albums are by pyotr ilyich tchaikovsky	pyotr ilyich tchaikovsky
what is fred thomson 's career ?	fred thomson
what release did the invasion come from	the invasion
which newspaper is owned by sanoma oyj	sanoma oyj
who authored the book courage of falcons	courage of falcons
what kind of movie is sicko ?	sicko
who is an african american porn star	african american
what 's a commune located in italy	italy
name a person of the navajo people	navajo people
which song is part of classical music	classical music
who is the author of the runaways	the runaways
name a place in south africa .	south africa
what is a model of lotus ?	lotus
what artist recorded o sole mio ?	o sole mio
what is a film by shyam benegal	shyam benegal
which county contains the hammond-harwood house ?	hammond-harwood house
what is stefano mondini 's profession ?	stefano mondini
what film genre is hello lonesome ?	hello lonesome
what nationality does john hodge belong to	john hodge
name the location where konrad hupfer died	konrad hupfer
what kind of music does wcfm play	wcfm
what soccer position does vadym rybalchenko play	vadym rybalchenko
what movie was directed by oskar fischinger	oskar fischinger
what nationality does serhat koç belong to	serhat koç
what conflict did vitaly primakov participate in	vitaly primakov
where did jacqueline pascarl 's life begin	jacqueline pascarl
who is a child of arthur bari	arthur bari
what is the color of brescia university	brescia university
what model is the fiat 128 ?	fiat 128
which track was created by engelbert humperdinck	engelbert humperdinck
what tracks are from philharmonia orchestra ?	philharmonia orchestra
what position did levon stepanyan play ?	levon stepanyan
what is bill mcdonald 's profession ?	bill mcdonald
who was a parent of william wallace	william wallace
what war was mitchell paige in ?	mitchell paige
what physical format is everyman available on	everyman
what is roscoe lee browne 's ethnicity	roscoe lee browne
which position did fritz herkenrath play ?	fritz herkenrath
what position does samuel radlinger play ?	samuel radlinger
what album did the omni trio compose	omni trio
what county is mount washington apart of	mount washington
what is the release track on scarecrow	scarecrow
in which state is port byron located	port byron
what is james wapakhabulo 's nationality ?	james wapakhabulo
name an active moieties of glycerin/alcohol/glyceryl monostearate	glycerin/alcohol/glyceryl monostearate
who produced the film ek tho chance	ek tho chance
who is a psychedelic rock artist ?	psychedelic rock
what was the previous episode to reunion	reunion
what language is spoken in facing up	facing up
what country is fuerza maldita from ?	fuerza maldita
which country was richard murrian born in	richard murrian
what album content type is arena concerto	arena concerto
who is a popular bass guitar player	bass guitar
where was giacinto bonacquisti born in ?	giacinto bonacquisti
which italian dj plays house music ?	house music
what nation is met salih from ?	met salih
who gave permission to mamma mia !	mamma mia !
what is vicky jewson 's job ?	vicky jewson
what classification is the tv program jekyll	jekyll
what universe does ghost maker appear in	ghost maker
what war was william charles fuller in	william charles fuller
the terminator was written by who ?	the terminator
what has jon robin baitz written ?	jon robin baitz
where did r. e. b. crompton die	r. e. b. crompton
in which form was jerusalem album presented	jerusalem
what did kama do as a career	kama
what country does ayumi takano declare nationality	ayumi takano
what is a popular pop rock band	pop rock
what is the ethnicity of robert walpole	robert walpole
what type of music is in busted	busted
who was influenced by n.c. wyeth ?	n.c. wyeth
what 's a game on zx spectrum	zx spectrum
what is rose dampier 's nationality ?	rose dampier
what language is spoken in the inheritors	the inheritors
what witch movie did jim wynorski produce	jim wynorski
what is the ethnicity of shishir kurup	shishir kurup
what genre of film is cash crop	cash crop
name a location in lee county .	lee county
is age 13 a drama or comedy	age 13
who is the lyricist from strawberry jam	strawberry jam
what is miguel angel medina 's profession	miguel angel medina
who was involved in battle of mons	battle of mons
what release is los angeles from ?	los angeles
what is nasir kazmi 's profession ?	nasir kazmi
who is the child of ermanno olmi	ermanno olmi
is al ruscio male or female ?	al ruscio
what is the profession of lonette mckee	lonette mckee
name a place located in central alberta	central alberta
what is esther a notable example of	esther
what genre of film is columbarium ?	columbarium
what is a model made by audi	audi
which format was covert operations released as	covert operations
what is the nearest airport to houston	houston
which former football player played defender ?	defender
in what state is garden city located	garden city
which city did duran duran originate from	duran duran
what was craig huby 's gender ?	craig huby
name a character who is male .	male
what is the subject of hundred-dollar baby	hundred-dollar baby
which tv show featured mainly stand-up comedy	stand-up comedy
is brian sackinsky male or female ?	brian sackinsky
what is the gender of valeriu ionescu	valeriu ionescu
tripp welborne plays what football position ?	tripp welborne
what format was blutzoll released as ?	blutzoll
what is an alternative rock album ?	alternative rock
what is massiel hernandez 's nationality ?	massiel hernandez
what label is urge overkill signed to	urge overkill
which country is the film paradise from	paradise
what does progress party believe in ?	progress party
what is otis stokes well known for	otis stokes
what town is found in tamil nadu	tamil nadu
which company produced godzilla : final wars	godzilla : final wars
what was reinhold maier 's profession ?	reinhold maier
what country gives nationality to ruth root	ruth root
what is a song on strange world	strange world
what genre does douglas b. green perform	douglas b. green
what period is yves klein identified with	yves klein
what city did philip gale die in	philip gale
what european country is stör located ?	stör
what is paul goma 's job ?	paul goma
where in japan was arihiro hase born	arihiro hase
what country is bo lacy from ?	bo lacy
what film did don simpson produce ?	don simpson
what is chris oliver best known for	chris oliver
what country gives nationality to darcy regier	darcy regier
what is tessa hadley 's profession ?	tessa hadley
what is chester marcol 's job ?	chester marcol
in what southern state is recheulos located	recheulos
what is the gender of art acord	art acord
what 's an album by ahmad jamal	ahmad jamal
who wrote new and selected poems ?	new and selected poems
what is theme in jean and johnny	jean and johnny
which state is leavenworth located in ?	leavenworth
what platform is dungeon siege available on	dungeon siege
what is the nationality of alain merchadier	alain merchadier
who wrote the song steel guitar rag	steel guitar rag
what war was don j. jenkins in	don j. jenkins
what film is about the arms industry	arms industry
which language is in the film drishyam	drishyam
which language is my cactus heart in	my cactus heart
where was faiz kevin mangat born ?	faiz kevin mangat
what is the title track off africa	africa
is oxygen created in netherlands or finland	oxygen
what language is enemy gold in ?	enemy gold
what is darren clarke 's baseball position	darren clarke
what kind of film is snow queen	snow queen
the track believe is from what album	believe
where in asia was david ho born	david ho
what country is bonnie joy ashley from	bonnie joy ashley
what language was spoken in falcon beach	falcon beach
who directed a fight for love ?	a fight for love
what is wayne wade 's gender ?	wayne wade
what is the sex of nikola paunović	nikola paunović
what kind of artist is dead moon	dead moon
what is walter abraham 's gender ?	walter abraham
name an album released by aaron carter	album
what tourist attractions take place in tamworth	tamworth
what album is of the genre metalcore	metalcore
where is agnes of bohemia 's birthplace	agnes of bohemia
who was michel foucault influenced by ?	michel foucault
who was the producer for the heat	the heat
what is golly mackenzie known for ?	golly mackenzie
which position does ndubuisi eze play ?	ndubuisi eze
who produced hair of the dog ?	hair of the dog
where is murrieta , california located ?	murrieta , california
what is the legal status of histamine	histamine
which position does wayne arendse play ?	wayne arendse
what is doctor clayton forrester occupation ?	doctor clayton forrester
what is jim jarmusch 's nationality ?	jim jarmusch
which films have paul auster written ?	paul auster
what drug is used for cleaning hands	drug
what is roger lloyd-pack 's nationality ?	roger lloyd-pack
in what position does yuta omine play	yuta omine
what is otto scheff 's nationality ?	otto scheff
which label is kt tunstall signed with	kt tunstall
what is michael hirsch 's gender ?	michael hirsch
who founded the organization university of tehran	university of tehran
what kind of book was grahame clark	grahame clark
what language is spoken by pareek ?	pareek
which religion does ruth carter stapleton practice	ruth carter stapleton
which soccer position does gareth mcglynn play	gareth mcglynn
where in california is no knife from	no knife
who is the parent of brian koppelman	brian koppelman
what is an indie film title ?	indie film
what genre of film is webs ?	webs
is kenny ladler male or female ?	kenny ladler
who was victoria anne simmons 's father	victoria anne simmons
what type of film is asylum ?	asylum
what is written by stanley bing ?	stanley bing
what type of release was in stereo	in stereo
who is the artist that recorded tomorrow	tomorrow
what type of album is double blues	double blues
what language was used in baron tzigane	baron tzigane
what 's a song written by nothnegal	nothnegal
what color is a lakeland terrier ?	lakeland terrier
who is jérôme richard 's mother ?	jérôme richard
which country produced dandelion dead in netflix	dandelion dead
what is nuria fergó 's ethnicity ?	nuria fergó
what did ray crowe die of ?	ray crowe
who produced the film the anniversary party	the anniversary party
what is the single version of assassination	assassination
what is an artist of post-punk ?	post-punk
what state is jefferson county in ?	jefferson county
what is john nathan-turner 's profession ?	john nathan-turner
where is disneyland park ( paris )	disneyland park
what format was animal instinct released as	animal instinct
who wrote the book the mystical life	the mystical life
whats a name of a studio album	studio album
what is south by java head about	south by java head
what soccer position does harry novillo play	harry novillo
which album contains the song poison ?	poison
what country is martina madaula from ?	martina madaula
what type of movie is aakhri insaaf	aakhri insaaf
who released the album wine colored roses	wine colored roses
is the character beregond male or female	beregond
what position has mark dickson ever played	mark dickson
what type of drama is wolf lake	wolf lake
what state is area code 973 from	area code 973
who is the son of swaps ?	swaps
where was lotta lindroos given birth to	lotta lindroos
what is the occupation of peter esmonde	peter esmonde
which city was raffaele sansone born in	raffaele sansone
which state is coba located in ?	coba
what ngo did doug wead found ?	doug wead
what was gerrit paape 's career ?	gerrit paape
what type of book is paloma ?	paloma
what is the title track from baptism	baptism
who was jean-pierre melville named after ?	jean-pierre melville
which label company is acdc signed to	acdc
what 's a character in breaking dawn	breaking dawn
where was johannes rebmann pronounced dead ?	johannes rebmann
what is dinky doo 's gender ?	dinky doo
how was dirty rotten lp released ?	dirty rotten lp
what is tv personality a specialization of	tv personality
what language was chicago poems written in	chicago poems
which genre of story is first contact	first contact
what is the official language of pakistan	pakistan
what nation is jonathan ryland from ?	jonathan ryland
what is the gender of keith runcorn	keith runcorn
who is lenny mancini 's child ?	lenny mancini
what kinds of game is rumble roses	rumble roses
what is a song by the indelicates	the indelicates
which industry is programma international part of	programma international
what musician wrote waiting for the end	waiting for the end
what films did james cameron write ?	james cameron
what 's an album by tech n9ne	album
is valentyn slyusar a male or female	valentyn slyusar
is shiria khatun male or female ?	shiria khatun
where was the big easy filmed ?	the big easy
who was born in east coker ?	east coker
which religion does m. g. ramachandran practice	m. g. ramachandran
what city is located in hyde county	hyde county
what language is spoken in vroom vroom	vroom vroom
which language is spoken in sin cargo	sin cargo
what recording was hard times from ?	hard times
what song is by road heroes project	road heroes project
who is a woman born in mariupol	mariupol
what kind of genre is das millionenspiel	das millionenspiel
what kind of film is private universe	private universe
which film did richard connell write ?	richard connell
what album is jefferson street found on	jefferson street
what type of fiction is hawkes harbor	hawkes harbor
which event was part of winter war	winter war
who is the artist of indie rock	indie rock
what is the profession of gösta ekman	gösta ekman
what is the single of komodo called	komodo
what composition did paddy mcaloon do ?	paddy mcaloon
where was brave new river released ?	brave new river
who is the son of eric blore	eric blore
who is a character in fahrenheit 451	fahrenheit 451
what 's an indie film from 1982	indie film
which move is japanese language in netflix	japanese language
is peter watts a boy or girl	peter watts
which county is tukaram filmed in ?	tukaram
which movie is a documentary film ?	documentary film
what format is the release daybreak ?	daybreak
what system is 517 edith apart of	517 edith
what musician created rhythm 'n ' country	rhythm 'n ' country
who is a notable defender in football	defender
who is the producer of rat race	rat race
what file format is supported by macintosh	macintosh
which artist is featured on play hard	play hard
which language is spoken in the whistleblower	the whistleblower
what flavor is antacid 500 chewable tablet	antacid 500 chewable tablet
what would be called a romance film	romance film
which country was flickering lights released in	flickering lights
what is an adventure film on television	adventure film
which female was born in paris ?	paris
what character did erin hunter create ?	erin hunter
what was form of 16 biggest hits	16 biggest hits
what organization did washington atlee burpee found	washington atlee burpee
who was this american journey directed by	this american journey
who discovered ( 6003 ) 1988 vo1	( 6003 ) 1988 vo1
what 's the recorded version of aurora	aurora
what type of diseases does oncology treat	oncology
where was high tide filmed at ?	high tide
name a track from the elastica release	elastica
what conflict did wei lihuang participate in	wei lihuang
what did maria mena compose musically ?	maria mena
what is the nationality of hiroshi arikawa	hiroshi arikawa
name a town in the united states	united states
what is visava thaiyanont 's gender ?	visava thaiyanont
where is artist emarosa originally from ?	emarosa
what channel owns the radio station keza	keza
who provided the music for the survivors	the survivors
roy rogers restaurants in which industry ?	roy rogers restaurants
which song is part of extra ordinary	extra ordinary
what language family is bukharic in ?	bukharic
what city in holy rosary cathedral in	holy rosary cathedral
which mining companies are located in brazil	mining
what is the gender of richard tavares	richard tavares
what did henry gray die from ?	henry gray
who released an album called scissor sisters	scissor sisters
which genre is outside in associated with	outside in
who is an artist in rca records	rca records
who is an artist on columbia records	columbia records
what region was holocausto capitalista released ?	holocausto capitalista
which movie is directed by phillip noyce	phillip noyce
what album content type is gold ?	gold
who composed the battle of epping forest	the battle of epping forest
what person plays the bass guitar ?	bass guitar
who is a person born in boston	boston
what country did essex boys come from	essex boys
who edited the film my bloody valentine	my bloody valentine
what tracks are on hit connection 89	hit connection 89
what song was included in absolute zero	absolute zero
what type of book is nova swing	nova swing
what genre is the book jingo ?	jingo
what types of movie is love trap	love trap
what is a song by john williams	john williams
what artist made meditation : solo guitar	meditation : solo guitar
what is jonwayne 's birth location ?	jonwayne
who was the producer behind gang related	gang related
what is the subject of erotism ?	erotism
who is the far cry edited by	the far cry
where does lake borgne flow out to	lake borgne
is walter wellman male or female ?	walter wellman
what genre is the album futures ?	futures
what novel is written by james kelman	novel
where did greek–punic wars take place ?	greek–punic wars
what position did pat moran play ?	pat moran
which city was grover gibson born in	grover gibson
what system does 10091 bandaisan belong to	10091 bandaisan
who was born in salvador , bahia	salvador , bahia
what is ady spencer 's gender ?	ady spencer
who directed the death camp of tolerance	the death camp of tolerance
which newspaper circulates through dundas , ontario	dundas , ontario
what kind of book is freezer burn	freezer burn
what is a language from niger–congo languages	niger–congo languages
who is a father of nina foch	nina foch
whats fictional character alex russo 's ethnicity	alex russo
what nation is no kum-sok from ?	no kum-sok
which instrument is played by aaron colbourne	aaron colbourne
what language is spoken in honor diaries	honor diaries
what is mike turner 's gender ?	mike turner
what is communion with god about ?	communion with god
who did maurice merleau-ponty help to influence	maurice merleau-ponty
in which country was sherlock holmes filmed	sherlock holmes
what kind of film is wanted ?	wanted
what is a version of paris ?	paris
what newspaper circulates through tamworth , staffordshire	tamworth , staffordshire
which city was frederic richard sullivan born	frederic richard sullivan
who directed the tv series the declaration	the declaration
what is louis drucke 's gender ?	louis drucke
name a book written by michael levey	michael levey
name a version of the panama single	panama
what is a hub for air southwest	air southwest
what is a record released by d-flame	d-flame
is a. b. raj male or female	a. b. raj
in what position does mike marson play	mike marson
who was the lyricist for hey you	hey you
what industry does kia motors work in	kia motors
what is karin knapp 's nationality ?	karin knapp
what type of album is noorie ?	noorie
what is adolfo alsina 's gender ?	adolfo alsina
which film was produced by david klawans	david klawans
what job is john spender famous for	john spender
what show is a radio program ?	radio
which tracks were produced by savatage ?	savatage
which country created the film moving target	moving target
what 's keith lamb 's profession ?	keith lamb
what type of musical composition is undertow	undertow
what books are about theoretical physics ?	theoretical physics
what track is recorded by mexico ?	mexico
which production company released the film always	always
what 's a character from breaking dawn	breaking dawn
what country did the day today originate	the day today
which region was the season released in	the season
which notable doctor was born in vienna	vienna
what kind of movie is midnight rider	midnight rider
the netflix movie chaos is what genre	chaos
where is the charleston daily mail circulated	charleston daily mail
what film did margarethe von trotta write	margarethe von trotta
which event did david popescu participate in	david popescu
what is ( 12353 ) 1993 or9	( 12353 ) 1993 or9
what county is sportsmen acres community within	sportsmen acres community
what book genre is the convenient marriage	the convenient marriage
which company produced the nifty nineties ?	the nifty nineties
what 's agustus montrose 's profession ?	agustus montrose
in what city was peter selgin born	peter selgin
is igor cheminava a male or female	igor cheminava
which artist performs the world music genre	world music
which nation filmed hercules in new york	hercules in new york
what type of film is desert legion	desert legion
what types of album is forever gold	forever gold
what did james freud die from ?	james freud
who is the format creator of pub	pub
what is styve c. 's gender ?	styve c.
what is a work by geddy lee	geddy lee
what kind of company is tenneco ?	tenneco
is toshihiro nikai from japan or taiwan	toshihiro nikai
what stadium was named after ted whitten	ted whitten
what composition did gavin rossdale work on	gavin rossdale
what film is a crime fiction ?	crime fiction
what is ned wever 's nationality ?	ned wever
what genre of film is stroszek ?	stroszek
what is the pharmacological class of heparin	heparin
which county is hagerman pass located in	hagerman pass
what novels did leif enger write ?	leif enger
what song came from the recording harlem	harlem
where is star valley ranch located ?	star valley ranch
what is misugisato kōji known as ?	misugisato kōji
what known person was born in battersea	battersea
what is alan knill 's gender ?	alan knill
what album was o canada released on	o canada
is viktor de kowa male or female	viktor de kowa
who performs the song all you need	all you need
what time zone is rogers centre in	rogers centre
what is a part of the himalayas	himalayas
where is the location of maxeys ?	maxeys
what is bringing back the dodo about	bringing back the dodo
what albums have yusef lateef released ?	yusef lateef
what is kevin dorff 's gender ?	kevin dorff
what was the grass fight part of	grass fight
name the organization that discovered 15339 pierazzo	15339 pierazzo
who 's a cosmonaut born in moscow	moscow
what is maurizio calvesi 's profession ?	maurizio calvesi
what nation is asuka tanii from ?	asuka tanii
what 's an example of a painting	painting
which label does sims record for ?	sims
in what format was on ice released	on ice
what kind of mountain is the paruma	paruma
what release came from the recording memphis	memphis
which type of restaurant is souplantation considered	souplantation
which famous company published unreal tournament 2004	unreal tournament 2004
name a book in the genre fiction	fiction
who wrote lord of the fire lands	lord of the fire lands
which film did eric tsang direct ?	eric tsang
what is rob schwimmer 's profession ?	rob schwimmer
what position does john rienstra play ?	john rienstra
who is rhythm and blues artist ?	rhythm and blues
what country was girltrash ! released in	girltrash !
what style of music does klymaxx play	klymaxx
what type of person is françois nourissier	françois nourissier
in what country is aspen mountain located	aspen mountain
what style of music is reef ?	reef
what type of release is moonswept ?	moonswept
which artist performs in the dance-pop gender	dance-pop
what sex is holden paul terry backus	holden paul terry backus
what kind of film is mujeres salvajes	mujeres salvajes
what kinds of movie is u turn	u turn
who was born in cincinnati , ohio	cincinnati , ohio
what genre of book is ecomanagement ?	ecomanagement
which country was brian edwards born in	brian edwards
what songs are on midnight matinee ?	midnight matinee
what is a tourist attraction in dublin	dublin
what label is noel gallagher associated with	noel gallagher
what type of album is no remorse	no remorse
what kind of album is full circle	full circle
is takashi watanabe from japan or china	takashi watanabe
what celestial body does 13933 charleville orbit	13933 charleville
what artist produced the album short bus	short bus
which country is bedfordshire located in ?	bedfordshire
name a person born in hoxton .	hoxton
which genre is tp considered to be	tp
what is a rock music album ?	rock music
what is a song by barry mcguire	barry mcguire
what film did harrison ford produce ?	harrison ford
which country is dave ogilvie from ?	dave ogilvie
what genre does george greeley belong to	george greeley
whats an album by the artist terror	terror
what genre of film is hannibal rising	hannibal rising
what nationality is david anthony durham ?	david anthony durham
which tracks were released in karma ?	karma
which country is oconomowoc , wisconsin in	oconomowoc , wisconsin
who is the artist of star wars	star wars
what is the drug classification of prednisolone	prednisolone
what kind of film is the bushbaby	the bushbaby
which country did march come from ?	march
what kind of movie is bad teacher	bad teacher
what kind of music does billboard make	billboard
what is alfred hitchcock 's ethnicity ?	alfred hitchcock
what form is muscle car in ?	muscle car
which type of system was 4402 tsunemori	4402 tsunemori
where did twin sister start their career	twin sister
what is lorang christiansen 's gender ?	lorang christiansen
what is a release track from believe	believe
who is an artist that performs synthpop	synthpop
what is the administrative parent of homiel	homiel
what is the format of hometown ?	hometown
what is a track featured on inter-be	inter-be
which movie was directed by christie will	christie will
what is an album by marcy playground	marcy playground
who was born in the united states	united states
what is the gender of tony sealy	tony sealy
what is nasheim myrick 's gender ?	nasheim myrick
where in iran was homayoon as'adian born	homayoon as'adian
what is david hoselton 's profession ?	david hoselton
where did charles e. silberman pass away	charles e. silberman
which family is princess cecylia lubomirska from	princess cecylia lubomirska
who created the fictional character steve englehart	steve englehart
what is a 1998 speculative fiction book	speculative fiction
who is the artist on battlestar galactica	battlestar galactica
what form does black widow come in	black widow
what is top gear known to be	top gear
which film was produced by paul wang	paul wang
what is rosie huntington-whiteley 's eye color	rosie huntington-whiteley
is raageshwari 's gender male or female	raageshwari
saathiya is this genre of film .	saathiya
what is a song by preet brar	preet brar
which country is quail valley located in	quail valley
what film did adam mckay executively produce	adam mckay
what type of cuisine is pumpernickel ?	pumpernickel
what kind of music does belisha play	belisha
what 's an organization in dublin ?	dublin
where is lanton mills located at ?	lanton mills
what position does félix rodríguez play ?	félix rodríguez
what is the release track on david	david
what is the tasteful interlude 's genre	the tasteful interlude
what offensive position does serhiy atelkin play	serhiy atelkin
what is partially contained in india ?	india
what position does warundeep singh play ?	warundeep singh
whats a version of the single bewitched	bewitched
what genre does pat dubar perform ?	pat dubar
what is a member of 6685 boitsov	6685 boitsov
whats one of johnny thunders 's albums	johnny thunders
what language was spoken in lost signal	lost signal
who produced the flim the astronaut farmer	the astronaut farmer
what is a notable hardcore punk album	hardcore punk
what is giancarlo leone known for being	giancarlo leone
who was the advisor of elizabeth blackburn	elizabeth blackburn
what symptom is accompanied with blood disorder	blood disorder
what is the beckomberga hospital used as	beckomberga hospital
what type of film is deconstructing supper	deconstructing supper
is taylor chorney left or right handed	taylor chorney
what subject is written by robert owen	robert owen
azar nafisi is known for what book	azar nafisi
where was charles w. davis buried ?	charles w. davis
what 's a popular spot in belgrade	belgrade
fiordaliso makes what genre of music ?	fiordaliso
which city founded bank of new york	bank of new york
what album is the track mosque in	mosque
what release featured the song dead man	dead man
name somebody who identifies as african american	african american
what is rafael araújo 's gender ?	rafael araújo
which english footballer was a career midfielder	midfielder
what is the ethnicity of ed rosenthal	ed rosenthal
where is the location of skyberg ?	skyberg
how was the album golden hits released	golden hits
whats the name of a football midfielder	midfielder
where was yorgos makris born at ?	yorgos makris
what is the hot relationships book about	hot relationships
what is the subject of sign-talker ?	sign-talker
what is the legal structure of caemi	caemi
which film did braden aftergood produce ?	braden aftergood
which release was in the recording traitor	traitor
what invention was made by alexander sablukov	alexander sablukov
what was new york written about ?	new york
is jack shilkret a boy or girl	jack shilkret
who wrote no more lonely nights ?	no more lonely nights
what state does barber township belong to	barber township
which episode was written by dan greaney	dan greaney
what type of character is the prince	the prince
what is a symptom of uterine fibroid	uterine fibroid
what type of media is burne hogarth	burne hogarth
where would you find yıldız technical university	yıldız technical university
what country is george griffith form ?	george griffith
who was someone born in moscow ?	moscow
what is the subject matter of homicide	homicide
what type of horse is conquistador cielo	conquistador cielo
what city is vidyasagar university located in	vidyasagar university
who released the album cayman islands ?	cayman islands
what 's an album featuring bob wills	bob wills
what country is the karađorđević dynasty from	karađorđević dynasty
what is eric stanze 's profession ?	eric stanze
what kind of music does mar perform	mar
what kind of album is street warz	street warz
what country did vodka factory originate from	vodka factory
what asian country is julisita salcedo from	julisita salcedo
what is arthur v. dias 's ethnicity	arthur v. dias
what position does kevin nastiuk play ?	kevin nastiuk
which country is capri located in ?	capri
what is amber chia 's profession ?	amber chia
which county is judd hill located in	judd hill
what kind of music does lobo create	lobo
what films did lloyd kaufman write ?	lloyd kaufman
what is puerto rico known to be	puerto rico
what is the nationality of alberto aguilera	alberto aguilera
what is lifeforce ( film ) rated	lifeforce
where is little jimmy dickens from ?	little jimmy dickens
what did winston churchill write about ?	winston churchill
name a film produced by mack sennett	mack sennett
what was jean-félix maynard most known for	jean-félix maynard
where was rudolf charousek when he died	rudolf charousek
who wrote the film the glass house	the glass house
what genre of music is thee attacks	thee attacks
where is john j. bell 's birthplace	john j. bell
what is a space rock album ?	space rock
name a place in the united states	united states
what country is lake arrowhead in ?	lake arrowhead
what is zalman schachter-shalomi 's profession ?	zalman schachter-shalomi
who is someone that survived the holocaust	the holocaust
what format was dangerous released in ?	dangerous
what did ruby laffoon die from ?	ruby laffoon
where is marie chorre originally from ?	marie chorre
what language is incontro d'amore in ?	incontro d'amore
what song did michael kamen produce ?	michael kamen
what album was released as an album	album
what country includes the postal code 10453	10453
under what label does robert patterson work	robert patterson
in which mission did ken bowersox participate	ken bowersox
what nation is herefordshire a part of	herefordshire
this city straddles the river trent .	river trent
what is the father of nicholas curtis	nicholas curtis
which time zone is jefferson in ?	jefferson
what kind of movie is the untouchable	the untouchable
who was the cinematographer for rain man	rain man
where was william johnson buried at ?	william johnson
what is mikhail kalinin 's nationality ?	mikhail kalinin
who published the book edition shadows linger	shadows linger
which country is the film desire from	desire
name a person born in lenoir .	lenoir
who is the advisee to fred hoyle	fred hoyle
what is ben goddard 's gender ?	ben goddard
what is the ethnicity of alexsandr sakov	alexsandr sakov
what is the nationality of anup kumar	anup kumar
what kind of game is quantum theory	quantum theory
who produced death at a funeral ?	death at a funeral
which instrument was played in rem urasin	rem urasin
what is the nationality of quinn norton	quinn norton
what type of album is just dance	just dance
name a chiropractic college located outside california	california
who released an album called midnight rider	midnight rider
what genre is courir dans les escaliers	courir dans les escaliers
what is naftoli trop 's gender ?	naftoli trop
what kind of film is hell squad	hell squad
name a film produced by paramount pictures	paramount pictures
who is the weddell seal named after	weddell seal
what is seong-min kang 's gender ?	seong-min kang
what song is believe a recording of	believe
what is the nationality of chris stamey	chris stamey
who was the author of apartment zero	apartment zero
who directed miss teacher bangs a boy	miss teacher bangs a boy
what label is coldplay associated with ?	coldplay
which position does chan wing hoong play	chan wing hoong
which movie is written by scott caan	scott caan
what is south circular road , dublin	south circular road , dublin
what cyclones have hit dominican republic ?	dominican republic
what album was the recording fantasy from	fantasy
which album did joyce didonato record ?	joyce didonato
what is a higher classification of hickory	hickory
what kind of music does davichi make	davichi
what is mrs. dashwood 's gender ?	mrs. dashwood
who made the music for black arrow	black arrow
what is place located in pyrenees ?	pyrenees
name ralph de vito 's profession .	ralph de vito
what is a movie filmed in dallas	dallas
what recording has the release track senseless	senseless
what 's a recording from keyshia cole	keyshia cole
what is a film produced by cbs	cbs
what is a recorded version of masterpiece	masterpiece
who was the editor of lonesome dove	lonesome dove
what is the release type of bodies	bodies
where was into the sun filmed ?	into the sun
what album was created by taro hakase	taro hakase
which film did richard e. grant direct	richard e. grant
who is a parent of bonnie duvauchelle	bonnie duvauchelle
is george butler male or female ?	george butler
what is the nationality of cristina carvalhal	cristina carvalhal
what is the episode before vancouver ?	vancouver
is kurt vonnegut a biography or auto-biography	kurt vonnegut
who is the child of bryan brown	bryan brown
where in europe was manuel agujetas born	manuel agujetas
what language is in ever ever after	ever ever after
which language does jane seymour speak ?	jane seymour
name an artist that produces psychedelic rock	psychedelic rock
what is the subject of black folktales	black folktales
where was terry lloyd when he died	terry lloyd
what is michelle rempel 's nationality ?	michelle rempel
where is north brabant 's location ?	north brabant
what genre is the artist stephen cummings	stephen cummings
who wrote the cry of the owl	the cry of the owl
what types of music is blues dream	blues dream
what russian film is a romance film	romance film
who was influenced by vilfredo pareto ?	vilfredo pareto
which film did raveendran contribute music to	raveendran
is hanns ludin a male or female	hanns ludin
which album contains imagine ( song )	imagine
who was born in the bronx ?	the bronx
what is a release track by david	david
who is zbigniew brzezinski 's child ?	zbigniew brzezinski
which nation is gene gerrard from ?	gene gerrard
what is duke mccurry 's dominant hand	duke mccurry
what track list is now here on	now here
what religion is rashid bin el hassan	rashid bin el hassan
what color are eliza jakubek 's eyes	eliza jakubek
what type of movie is 100 women	100 women
what time zone is patterson located in	patterson
what 's the radio version of stay	stay
what technique is required for sajid mahmood	sajid mahmood
what is cynthia ozick 's ethnicity ?	cynthia ozick
what was david webb an activist for	david webb
who is our time in eden by	our time in eden
what is an example of an album	album
which release is the track scientist on	scientist
what 's the title track from aquamarine	aquamarine
which genre does straw men fall under	straw men
what recording is cloud 9 found ?	cloud 9
whose cause of death was assassination ?	assassination
which movie is documentary film in netflix	documentary film
what topic is the jfk assassination ?	the jfk assassination
in which city was michiaki kakimoto born	michiaki kakimoto
what series has the episode queen latifah	queen latifah
which release contains the track speak ?	speak
what time zone is used in compiano	compiano
what song was written by billy bragg	billy bragg
from what city is filippo pandev from	filippo pandev
name a composition by vince clarke .	vince clarke
which genre does ethan frome affiliate with	ethan frome
what kind of show is barrier reef	barrier reef
who directed my own private river ?	my own private river
how was face to the floor released	face to the floor
what 's an example of a asteroid	asteroid
where did sima milutinović sarajlija die ?	sima milutinović sarajlija
what is a capital state in india	india
what 's a tourist attraction in utah	utah
what game is developed by bandai ?	bandai
what label is bob james signed to	bob james
what artist is on bbc live ?	bbc live
who recorded the album right above it	right above it
what is a tourist attraction in guangzhou	guangzhou
what was vauro senesi 's profession ?	vauro senesi
what image is of the topic prijepolje	prijepolje
what is kristen hall famous for being	kristen hall
what 's an album by jello biafra	jello biafra
which county is bald creek located in	bald creek
what genre is waking the green tiger	waking the green tiger
is salto mortale in german or french	salto mortale
who is the child of lewis terman	lewis terman
what country is susan mcelhinney from ?	susan mcelhinney
what is liz larner 's biological sex	liz larner
which event took place in sardinia ?	sardinia
where did matthew good band originate ?	matthew good band
what is chepstow school 's color ?	chepstow school
what city was heinrich schaller born in	heinrich schaller
what soccer position does ionuț rada play	ionuț rada
what release was produced by marco polo	marco polo
where is fetenhits : alpen party located	fetenhits : alpen party
what album is oceanborn a part of	oceanborn
what is the release track on skyshaper	skyshaper
what musical genre does duane denison create	duane denison
how was the desert rose band released	the desert rose band
what type of film is hearts up	hearts up
what kind of book is dark universe	dark universe
where is the lost gardens of heligan	lost gardens of heligan
what kind of book is the trigger	the trigger
what is the gender of philip braham	philip braham
what is the geographical feature of mayu	mayu
what is emma donoghue 's gender ?	emma donoghue
where is gregorio lópez-bravo y castro from	gregorio lópez-bravo y castro
who wrote the bride with white hair	the bride with white hair
what type of program is dark season	dark season
what type of artist is stan stammers	stan stammers
what organization has léon blum made ?	léon blum
who is a fictional female character ?	female
what is acetylcholine the active moiety in	acetylcholine
what artist made the album essential ?	essential
who recorded the song corinne , corrinna	corinne , corrinna
what was sepideh jodeyri 's gender ?	sepideh jodeyri
what is the constitutional odyssey book about	constitutional odyssey
name a documentary film on netflix .	documentary film
what artists are signed to capitol records	capitol records
what is a 1915 silent short film	short film
what is a punk rock album ?	punk rock
does otto selz follow judaism or catholicism	otto selz
what was the first recording of fireball	fireball
in what format was lola rennt released	lola rennt
who is a pop music artist ?	pop music
where did 108th regiment indiana infantry originate	108th regiment indiana infantry
what format was big released on ?	big
which disaster did laureen nussbaum survive ?	laureen nussbaum
which moieties is contained of rosin/potassium cation/alcohol	rosin/potassium cation/alcohol
what is sammi fajarowicz 's gender ?	sammi fajarowicz
which city was jun izutsu born in	jun izutsu
what hockey position does mathieu chouinard play	mathieu chouinard
which time zone is oologah apart of	oologah
what country is epicus doomicus metallicus from	epicus doomicus metallicus
what album was produced by bruce cockburn	bruce cockburn
what type of album is ultra.trance 07	ultra.trance 07
name someone who was born in vancouver	vancouver
what city is westgate apart of ?	westgate
what soccer position does ross gaynor hold	ross gaynor
what type of license does male have	male
what is the sex of mathieu hippeau	mathieu hippeau
what race does gloria vanderbilt belong to	gloria vanderbilt
what label does martin plaza record under	martin plaza
what is a compatible food for veganism	veganism
which album contains the track bullet ?	bullet
what 's an album by daz dillinger	album
what film has animation as its genre	animation
which genre of music does solstice create	solstice
what is a building in hong kong	hong kong
which genre is a boy 's life	a boy 's life
name a person born in vienna .	vienna
what kind of album is ecstasy ?	ecstasy
what album was star trek releases on	star trek
what language is unforgivable blackness in ?	unforgivable blackness
which netflix genre is the door under	the door
who is the child of thomas cromwell	thomas cromwell
what 's a disease caused by pollution	pollution
what city is white wizzard from ?	white wizzard
where was the forge of god published	the forge of god
what album was release by koul funk	album
who produced a gentleman of leisure ?	a gentleman of leisure
what musical genre does depeche mode create	depeche mode
who produced the film short term 12	short term 12
what is the release track on history	history
which city was raymond meier born in	raymond meier
which neurologist is afflicted with prosopagnosia ?	prosopagnosia
what kind of school is gaziosmanpasha university	gaziosmanpasha university
which movie is directed by frank perry	frank perry
where did raymond t. mcnally pass away	raymond t. mcnally
name a studio album content type .	studio album
where is the location of juhana ?	juhana
what was written in worse than slavery	worse than slavery
what is a track from whb ?	whb
what recording has the track the cleansing	the cleansing
which instrument is played by barbara carroll	barbara carroll
what musical genre is otep shamaya considered	otep shamaya
what county is arrowood located in ?	arrowood
what is the name of a drama	drama
who 's a lawyer born in kirksville	kirksville
what album is jersey a part of	jersey
which language is used in detroit unleaded	detroit unleaded
what is the nationality of neal sundstrom	neal sundstrom
what is risë stevens 's gender ?	risë stevens
who is youinseries ' record label ?	youinseries
which tv show did genndy tartakovsky create	genndy tartakovsky
what is a notable statistics book ?	statistics
who is harold arthur bates 's son	harold arthur bates
what song is from the recording macgyver	macgyver
which artist is with albert productions ?	albert productions
which time zone is watab township in	watab township
which pitcher was born in cleveland ?	cleveland
who was the publisher of the stand	the stand
what athlete was born in banská bystrica	banská bystrica
how was solos ( 1940 ) released	solos ( 1940 )
what label is the chordettes signed with	the chordettes
what western state does contain avila place	avila place
what genre is chōdenji machine voltes v	chōdenji machine voltes v
what time zone is cedar hill within	cedar hill
what is charles a. gunn 's nationality	charles a. gunn
what music genre is boubacar traoré ?	boubacar traoré
name someone who influenced kevin mcaleer .	kevin mcaleer
what genre is the film the evangelist	the evangelist
which religion is ivan belostenec associated with	ivan belostenec
which language is used in saint george	saint george
which creek is located in united states	united states
in which state was buddy scott born	buddy scott
what is a symptom of laryngopharyngeal reflux	laryngopharyngeal reflux
what is the gender of ichirō ozawa	ichirō ozawa
what 's a symptom of herpes zoster	herpes zoster
is darcy donavan a male or female	darcy donavan
who developed minecraft : xbox 360 edition	minecraft : xbox 360 edition
what city can you find preservation hall	preservation hall
what is the profession of stuart cable	stuart cable
what is martanda sydney tondaiman 's religion	martanda sydney tondaiman
name an active ingredient in menthol .	menthol
which asteroid was discovered in 1998 ?	asteroid
what is peter folco 's gender ?	peter folco
where does e. kidd bogart originate from	e. kidd bogart
name a track by yeht mae .	yeht mae
where is the artist john benitez from	john benitez
which organization was founded by jane goodall	jane goodall
what is joel limberg 's nationality ?	joel limberg
what battle did james monroe participate in	james monroe
what is georges politzer 's profession ?	georges politzer
what instrument does corey rozzoni play ?	corey rozzoni
what song did daniel vangarde compose ?	daniel vangarde
what does ertapenem help to treat ?	ertapenem
what is the gender of grzegorz turnau	grzegorz turnau
what type of music is terria ?	terria
what type of lake is bortelsee ?	bortelsee
what track was released on dancemania 8	dancemania 8
name a track by sean combs .	sean combs
which person was born in university park	university park
what is francesco filelfo 's gender ?	francesco filelfo
what film did pete morgan contribute to	pete morgan
what label released in the blood ?	in the blood
what 's a high school in massachusetts	high school
what kind of release is 24-7-365 ?	24-7-365
what near earth asteroid orbits the sun	the sun
what is the profession of cliff hall	cliff hall
what state is natural bridge station in	natural bridge station
what service does louisiana national guard provide	louisiana national guard
which country was mike aquilina birthed in	mike aquilina
what is a crime fiction film ?	crime fiction
for what subject was vaishnavism known for	vaishnavism
in which album is venus featured on	venus
what kind of musician is jamie brooks	jamie brooks
which county is in central province ?	central province
what kind of movie is intimate parts	intimate parts
in what country did mars rising originate	mars rising
who was the composer of w.e.s.s.e.x.y. ?	w.e.s.s.e.x.y.
what type of film is two-gun gussie	two-gun gussie
what is andrew toney 's gender ?	andrew toney
how was the end of silence released	the end of silence
who created the fictional character kevin whitby	kevin whitby
what collection album is attributed to sting	sting
who is the artist that released evolution	evolution
which dog breed has black coat color	black
what instrument is played by ian burden	ian burden
what format does let england shake support	let england shake
what song is by peter breiner ?	peter breiner
what type of release is egyptian magician	egyptian magician
which recordings contain the track sylvia ?	sylvia
what 's a motorsport movie on netflix	motorsport
what songs have elvis jackson recorded ?	elvis jackson
what is henry longhurst 's nationality ?	henry longhurst
which war included battle of bound brook	battle of bound brook
what is the gender of reed luplau	reed luplau
who wrote the song black diamond bay	black diamond bay
name one of the townships in indiana	indiana
what is el greco named after ?	el greco
where was edward lyons born in europe	edward lyons
which films did cedric gibbons art direct	cedric gibbons
what genre is the album repercussion ?	repercussion
what musician recorded the song miss america	miss america
what country is sugarbush hill in ?	sugarbush hill
what country is chained heat from ?	chained heat
what kind of movie is all animals	all animals
which label is maurycy stefanowicz signed to	maurycy stefanowicz
what is akhmed avdorkhanov 's gender ?	akhmed avdorkhanov
where is nathan allen house located ?	nathan allen house
what is the genre of las guanábanas	las guanábanas
what film did caetano veloso contribute to	caetano veloso
what country was i spy made in	i spy
what is hanne passer 's profession ?	hanne passer
long island press circulates in what city	long island press
what is an attraction in raipur district	raipur district
who is a nu metal artist ?	nu metal
which time zone is west helena in	west helena
what nation is marius stravinsky from ?	marius stravinsky
who is the author of winter tennis	winter tennis
what is a science fiction book ?	science fiction
what kind of music does kinghorse perform	kinghorse
what is bill johnson 's job ?	bill johnson
whats language is battlefield earth written in	battlefield earth
name someone who was born in atlanta	atlanta
what plays have susan stroman choreographed ?	susan stroman
where was michaele schreyer born at ?	michaele schreyer
what is james hasty known for being	james hasty
what country released little girl originally ?	little girl
what is the nationality of ralph hoffmann	ralph hoffmann
what is a super nintendo entertainment system	super nintendo entertainment system
what is kate elliott 's profession ?	kate elliott
what is a marketed formulation of ethanol	ethanol
what is a game that features quake	quake
who is the child of sean astin	sean astin
where can south uist be found ?	south uist
who manufactured bicalutamide 50 film coated tablet	bicalutamide 50 film coated tablet
which country released wittgenstein ( film )	wittgenstein
what religion does elliott cresson practice ?	elliott cresson
what type of music does buckethead play	buckethead
what industry does aspyr media belong to	aspyr
what artist wrote the track desperado ?	desperado
what is the nationality of nancy condee	nancy condee
who 's ricardo lagos weber 's father	ricardo lagos weber
what country does gohatto take place ?	gohatto
which genre of music is the devildriver	devildriver
what country is gregory t. linteris from	gregory t. linteris
what is patrik lomski 's football position	patrik lomski
what position did jeff blauser play ?	jeff blauser
which license is required for lightning ?	lightning
what is clyde wiegand 's nationality ?	clyde wiegand
where was michael whitney straight born ?	michael whitney straight
what instrument did jim shapiro play ?	jim shapiro
what is the release type of soul	soul
is s. v. venkatraman male or female	s. v. venkatraman
which division is skúvoy a branch of	skúvoy
which olympic event held women 's volleyball	women 's volleyball
what 's an example of a song	song
what is calcium glucoheptonate used to treat	calcium glucoheptonate
clodagh rodgers was born in what town	clodagh rodgers
what does dubois county , indiana contain	dubois county , indiana
where did stella sigcau bite the dust	stella sigcau
whats the name of a speculative fiction	speculative fiction
who wrote opening day of close-up ?	opening day of close-up
what track is from the release bad	bad
what language is in the film dik	dik
what is the subject of waffen-ss soldier	waffen-ss soldier
what country is treasure lake located ?	treasure lake
which company produced kind hearts and coronets	kind hearts and coronets
which us state is redington shores in	redington shores
what is a the track off ocean	ocean
is paul brucher biologically male or female	paul brucher
what genre is fiend without a face	fiend without a face
which label represents the artist roger chapman	roger chapman
what kind of film is speed dating	speed dating
what 's a tourist destination in delaware	delaware
what time zone is troy township ?	troy township
what book genre is white shark ?	white shark
what is a math rock album ?	math rock
what group is the author of indiana	indiana
where was gbenga bareehu ashafa born ?	gbenga bareehu ashafa
what is rufus alexander notable for ?	rufus alexander
what is a downtempo album title ?	downtempo
what is barbara baynton 's profession ?	barbara baynton
what was jason horgan 's profession ?	jason horgan
who is the composer of she was	she was
whats the name of a female singer	singer
which asteroid was discovered in 2000 ?	asteroid
what is nathan gilliss 's profession ?	nathan gilliss
what is the nationality of tara parker-pope	tara parker-pope
what type of movie is white valentine	white valentine
which album is night a song on	night
what is the name of a drug	drug
what city was nick wood born ?	nick wood
what is the release track on ben	ben
what bigger area is krzyż wielkopolski in	krzyż wielkopolski
what is james brown 's gender ?	james brown
what are song of the hummer album	hummer
what football position id liu yibing play	liu yibing
what was named after george a. fuller	george a. fuller
what musical format was navigator released as	navigator
what kind of movie is doberman deka	doberman deka
what is max greger 's gender ?	max greger
what is the profession of daoud farani	daoud farani
which language is used in soccer days	soccer days
what christian denomination does waggoner carr practice	waggoner carr
name a band that released dance music	dance music
what album is madrid a part of	madrid
what is the gender of zak thompson	zak thompson
what sport does the team cis play	cis
what country was up ! released ?	up !
what genre is the tv program stuntbusters	stuntbusters
who was monroe township named after ?	monroe township
what kind of cancer killed bonita granville	bonita granville
what kind of music is discoveries ?	discoveries
who published thuvia , maid of mars	thuvia , maid of mars
what did the siding spring observatory discover	siding spring observatory
what is the power of captain nazi	captain nazi
who was the father of randy orton	randy orton
pop music can claim which album ?	pop music
what is a track by crispy ?	crispy
which instrument did stefano bollani excel at	stefano bollani
what type of program is amnesia ?	amnesia
what country uses egyptian pound as currency	egyptian pound
what type of film is february 29	february 29
what would be labeled new wave music	new wave music
name an artist featured on decca records	decca records
what is the release track on sonny	sonny
what songs did jordan arts compose ?	jordan arts
what position did mark elrick play ?	mark elrick
the artist soil is from which genre	soil
which artist recorded over the edge ?	over the edge
who 's a musician born in beaconsfield	beaconsfield
where did the siege of castelnuovo occur	siege of castelnuovo
what film did lewis allen direct ?	lewis allen
which piece did ani difranco compose ?	ani difranco
which instrument did franz beyer play ?	franz beyer
which position did robby thompson play ?	robby thompson
which musician participated in the film anemia	anemia
what is the release track off ben	ben
what schools are in south africa ?	south africa
what form was the artwork vote done	vote
what genre of music does björk play	björk
what 's a release from strange currencies	strange currencies
what is a song by joseph barbera	joseph barbera
what a work authored by crawford kilian	crawford kilian
where was pablo ruiz barrero born ?	pablo ruiz barrero
name a structure designed by jacques-germain soufflot	jacques-germain soufflot
what kind of film is saimin ?	saimin
which baseball position does pat burrell play	pat burrell
what kind of film is interlude ?	interlude
which industry does charter communications work in	charter communications
which episode did james burrows direct ?	james burrows
which county is la victoria located in	la victoria
what is elizabeth nourse 's nationality ?	elizabeth nourse
what books did dave barry write ?	dave barry
what is the parent genre of electro	electro
what is a game developed by bungie	bungie
where was dream dance 33 released ?	dream dance 33
what is ingrid borthen 's nationality ?	ingrid borthen
which track is part of black swan	black swan
what natural disaster occurred in chongqing ?	chongqing
what language is q. t. hush in	q. t. hush
what is arnie risen 's birth place	arnie risen
what country is splatter university from ?	splatter university
what label is the vines with ?	the vines
what kind of book is count zero	count zero
where did bersheba leighton fristoe die ?	bersheba leighton fristoe
what country was secret club flimed in	secret club
what is gregorio duvivier 's nationality ?	gregorio duvivier
what is a specialization of surgeon ?	surgeon
what event was located in parthia ?	parthia
what country is xavier vives from ?	xavier vives
which tracks are the recording taiwan from	taiwan
which war did michael heaviside participate in	michael heaviside
what country is stanislaus of szczepanów from	stanislaus of szczepanów
who is the publisher of lego universe	lego universe
who is a parent of lukas haas	lukas haas
what format does billie 's blues have	billie 's blues
what is william hanna 's ethnicity ?	william hanna
what sort of radio station is kmj	kmj
which city did charles correll die in	charles correll
what 's an example of an album	album
what country is manje ' from ?	manje '
what is university of california , davis	university of california , davis
who was bent county named after ?	bent county
where was jose carlos barba born ?	jose carlos barba
which city was stewart culin born in	stewart culin
what is christy canyon 's ethnicity ?	christy canyon
which language is dinosaur island filmed in	dinosaur island
what is jacques barzun 's profession ?	jacques barzun
what kind of music does silvertide play	silvertide
southwest hills is apart of what neighborhood	southwest hills
where is rim drive historic district located	rim drive historic district
what is nikolaj frobenius 's profession ?	nikolaj frobenius
what area does zakynthos international airport serve	zakynthos international airport
what job does jamie hewlett have	jamie hewlett
what country is ghost house from	ghost house
what artist creates riot grrrl music	riot grrrl
what country is rafael sorkin from	rafael sorkin
what music genre is lonely revolutions	lonely revolutions
what did oscar saul die from	oscar saul
name a bus transit line .	bus
what type of film is bidaai	bidaai
who was oort cloud named after	oort cloud
name an actor born in murfreesboro	murfreesboro
of what nationality is harald bohr	harald bohr
what is black fire about ?	black fire
what type of album was homeplanet	homeplanet
where was andy signore born ?	andy signore
what city is in marion county	marion county
what us state is mintz within	mintz
what is a track from tamara	tamara
what vocal range is ville valo	ville valo
name the profession of peter heller	peter heller
where was absolute music 50 released	absolute music 50
who are dan abrams 's parents	dan abrams
who owns the south sydney rabbitohs	south sydney rabbitohs
which country is timur zangiyev from	timur zangiyev
where was magnum force filmed ?	magnum force
which position does pop snyder play	pop snyder
what faith does kuopio cathedral follow	kuopio cathedral
who is created by matt stone	matt stone
who in the world produced busting	busting
which country is beira lake in	beira lake
who is an opera artist ?	opera
list an actor born in turkey	turkey
what is contained by mobile county	mobile county
what county contains kimballton , iowa	kimballton , iowa
what is a magnet school ?	magnet school
which form is cannonball in ?	cannonball
which region was juicebox released in	juicebox
which time zone is cyrus in	cyrus
what type of film is rio	rio
what country is ismo kallio from	ismo kallio
what gender is steven blaney ?	steven blaney
where was charles fessenden morse buried	charles fessenden morse
what is a 11762 vogel ?	11762 vogel
which position does steve kirk play	steve kirk
which places contain swifts creek ?	swifts creek
what is jean-christophe sanchez 's profession	jean-christophe sanchez
what netflix genre is aunt rose	aunt rose
is carlyle chalmers male or female	carlyle chalmers
what is matt duke 's profession	matt duke
what is an industrial metal album	industrial metal
what label is queenadreena signed to	queenadreena
who wrote from oslo to iraq	from oslo to iraq
what are cities in united states	united states
which producing company produced bedroom farce	bedroom farce
what was mohamed ismail 's profession	mohamed ismail
who directed the ian mckellen episode	ian mckellen
which country is francis located in	francis
what country is klaus schulze from	klaus schulze
what died by a firearm ?	firearm
who wrote maisy goes camping ?	maisy goes camping
what is a horror film ?	horror film
who is the producer of jinx	jinx
where is the apples from ?	the apples
what was written by douglas hofstadter	douglas hofstadter
what instrument does dana glover play	dana glover
who was involved in mexican–american war	mexican–american war
where was chaya singh given birth	chaya singh
what city is elder park in	elder park
what us state is primrose in	primrose
which song did billy idol write	billy idol
what tourist attraction is at stratford-upon-avon	stratford-upon-avon
name an album by miles davis	miles davis
who was born in athens ?	athens
what type of area is verl	verl
what album is fever listed on	fever
who was born in hamburg ?	hamburg
what language is spoken in yesterday	yesterday
what airway serves logan international airport	logan international airport
who is clara harris parent ?	clara harris
where was ruth turner born ?	ruth turner
where was curuppumullage jinarajadasa born ?	curuppumullage jinarajadasa
what language is lazy in ?	lazy
what is about between two women	between two women
what country was khandhar released in	khandhar
what war was raymond plouhar in	raymond plouhar
what track is featured on cinema-tech	cinema-tech
what was the loire painted on	the loire
what position does virginijus praškevičius play	virginijus praškevičius
what drug contains mycophenolic acid ?	mycophenolic acid
which language is spoken in susuk	susuk
what kind of software is xfce	xfce
what is bob brown known as	bob brown
name a rock music artist .	rock music
which company developed vmware server ?	vmware server
what is christine maggiore known for	christine maggiore
what country is nancy vee from	nancy vee
who recorded iolanthe : overture ?	iolanthe : overture
what is andré schäfer 's profession	andré schäfer
who was walter mischel influenced by	walter mischel
what song was included in iii	iii
who released the album nailed ?	nailed
what position does oscar heisserer play	oscar heisserer
who created the character of wolverine	wolverine
what music is composed by silverstein	silverstein
who is a famous screenwriter ?	screenwriter
what architect produced the reichstag building	reichstag building
which city is kim heechul from	kim heechul
which language is written in webcrash	webcrash
what is a game by atari	atari
who produced the film the express	the express
what 's a german variety show	variety show
where did angelino fons die ?	angelino fons
where is pine knoll vista ?	pine knoll vista
what person is a journalist ?	journalist
name one location in south carolina	south carolina
where was greg stokes born ?	greg stokes
which film did richard shepard direct	richard shepard
which music is produced by speed	speed
alexander korda produced what film ?	alexander korda
what neighborhood is good hope in	good hope
what film did gulzar help write	gulzar
who is george w. grider ?	george w. grider
where was ed zmich born ?	ed zmich
what state is butler school in	butler school
what is richard graves 's gender	richard graves
what type of show is freakshow	freakshow
where is rebecca harms from ?	rebecca harms
what country was nana bobò filmed	nana bobò
what artist performs metalcore music ?	metalcore
what star does 6597 kreil orbit	6597 kreil
where was edgar jadwin born ?	edgar jadwin
where did pope clement xi die	pope clement xi
what film did jeff pope write	jeff pope
what area is in illinois ?	illinois
what genre of music is relayer	relayer
which county is mount vernon in	mount vernon
who was born in slovenj gradec	slovenj gradec
which state is ivins located ?	ivins
what tracks are on cadillac ?	cadillac
what area contains the location sardhana	sardhana
where was shapour bakhtiar buried ?	shapour bakhtiar
what genre does kraftwerk perform ?	kraftwerk
what gender is polly ward ?	polly ward
where was sylvia lance harper born	sylvia lance harper
what is pat studstill 's gender	pat studstill
who was named after warren county	warren county
which language does francesco giubbilini speak	francesco giubbilini
what is the comédie-française used for	comédie-française
what action film debuted in 1990	action film
who created the character little mermaid	little mermaid
where is tim kingsbury from ?	tim kingsbury
which country is brian hunter from	brian hunter
what mountain range is in bradavica	bradavica
in which country is balestrino found	balestrino
where does bianca lattuada come from	bianca lattuada
berlin diary focused on what subject	berlin diary
which language is spoken in caffeine	caffeine
which asteroid group contains 13070 seanconnery	13070 seanconnery
what is an action/adventure netflix title	action/adventure
what is a area in india	india
what religion does bhumibol adulyadej follow	bhumibol adulyadej
what albums are by duke ellington	duke ellington
what county is avonmore apart of	avonmore
what country is cullen village within	cullen village
where was definitive hits released ?	definitive hits
what position does michael vick play	michael vick
who was poinsett bridge named after	poinsett bridge
what language is korean parents in	korean parents
which artist recorded being with you	being with you
what is jamal sadat 's gender	jamal sadat
which station plays classical music ?	classical music
what country is horst bollmann from	horst bollmann
which ethnicity is yuji uekawa ?	yuji uekawa
what language is judas filmed in	judas
which book does odysseus appear in	odysseus
what label is sulk signed to	sulk
who was born in winnipeg ?	winnipeg
what genre does shoji tabuchi perform	shoji tabuchi
what software language does gnucash use	gnucash
what language is sprout in ?	sprout
what type of release is kontinuum	kontinuum
who is a well-known painting artist	painting
who has joseph chaikin influenced ?	joseph chaikin
where was sorj chalandon born ?	sorj chalandon
which position does kurt schumacher play	kurt schumacher
where did session americana start off	session americana
who was edwin morgan influenced by	edwin morgan
who created the character brackenfoot ?	brackenfoot
what episode did burt brinckerhoff direct	burt brinckerhoff
what position does antone davis play	antone davis
what is edgar reitz known for	edgar reitz
where is the wood river township	wood river township
what is shannon hamm known for	shannon hamm
who is a ambient music artist	ambient music
what album features the song atlanta	atlanta
where was people out there filmed	people out there
where was destination unknown released ?	destination unknown
is television a song or album	television
what composer wrote legalize it ?	legalize it
which film did alex chapple direct	alex chapple
what object does 25511 annlipinsky orbit	25511 annlipinsky
what is zacharias werner 's occupation	zacharias werner
where was chris cornell born ?	chris cornell
which county is raynham located in	raynham
what is shannon kendall known for	shannon kendall
how was room on fire released	room on fire
name a historic town in england	england
what album has steve hogarth released	steve hogarth
what is a studio album ?	studio album
who recorded the tower of london	tower of london
name somebody affected by cystic fibrosis	cystic fibrosis
which individual was born in revelstoke	revelstoke
what is collette dinnigan 's nationality	collette dinnigan
in which area is wynyard located	wynyard
what is james margelony 's nationality	james margelony
what kind of music is fousque	fousque
what does larry darby advocate for	larry darby
which art form is north korea	north korea
what is conrad ansorge 's gender	conrad ansorge
who is the publisher of cleopatra	cleopatra
what album is earth from ?	earth
where was mouhamed diop born ?	mouhamed diop
what is wei-liang chow 's gender	wei-liang chow
what is the subject of designart	designart
name a novel by vladimir nabokov	novel
what is johannesburg most known for	johannesburg
where was james j. manderino born	james j. manderino
where was george townsend born ?	george townsend
where was li shuangjiang given birth	li shuangjiang
what country was palmetto from ?	palmetto
what release is independence from ?	independence
what country is paul mccandless from	paul mccandless
which book is written about orphanage	orphanage
name a city located in wisconsin	wisconsin
what city does bantayan airport serve	bantayan airport
where is another joe from ?	another joe
what is fandi ahmad known for	fandi ahmad
where did tom capone die ?	tom capone
what gender is matt rum ?	matt rum
what is the track from quickness	quickness
what religion does maria shriver practice	maria shriver
where is keith located at ?	keith
where was frederick bayer born ?	frederick bayer
where did melvil dewey die ?	melvil dewey
what is manuel lisa 's nationality	manuel lisa
what alliance does scandinavian airlines join	scandinavian airlines
where is the bomb 's origins	the bomb
what genre is from the vaults	from the vaults
what language does brian quintana speak	brian quintana
where is wes madiko originally from	wes madiko
who is a defender in football	defender
where was tara sands in ?	tara sands
which gender is m. h. douglas	m. h. douglas
what song was released on free	free
what city is cathedral heights in	cathedral heights
what artists are played on womc	womc
what is ivan maric 's gender	ivan maric
what genre is the enchanted wood	the enchanted wood
what village is located in nebraska	nebraska
what 's a song on moon	moon
what is oscar relier 's gender	oscar relier
who 's an actor from pittsburgh	pittsburgh
of which nationality is tommi rinne	tommi rinne
what 's an upazila in bangladesh	bangladesh
whats the gender of nilcemar leyart	nilcemar leyart
which language is spoken in amália	amália
where was kerissa fare born ?	kerissa fare
what is robert pierpoint 's gender	robert pierpoint
what asian country is oinam located	oinam
who was harry mulisch influenced by	harry mulisch
which country is st. paul in	st. paul
which country released the movie abduction	abduction
what genre is the alchemistic suitcase	the alchemistic suitcase
who is mother of zoey deutch	zoey deutch
what is william engvick known as	william engvick
what country is king o'malley form	king o'malley
who do nasa astronauts communicate with	nasa
what genre on netflix is gravestoned	gravestoned
what film festival was zift shown	zift
where did edgar johan kuusik die	edgar johan kuusik
who was the producer for thunderheart	thunderheart
what is a yacht rock title	yacht rock
which city did jeanne hébuterne die	jeanne hébuterne
what is danielle ornelas 's gender	danielle ornelas
what is ontario known for ?	ontario
who is bill oddie 's daughter	bill oddie
what state is elkhorn located in	elkhorn
what instrument does matt wong play	matt wong
what region uses the kodava language	kodava language
what area does kfnz serve ?	kfnz
what tracks are on dangerous ?	dangerous
what is johnny bach 's profession	johnny bach
what nationality is richard hull ?	richard hull
which radio is played by slade	slade
what country is taylor wayer from	taylor wayer
what language is manoranjan in ?	manoranjan
what position does henrik ojamaa play	henrik ojamaa
what gender is lee meadows ?	lee meadows
which position does bill mcgunnigle hold	bill mcgunnigle
which timezone is goodhue township in	goodhue township
what country is keshavrao date from	keshavrao date
what nationality is jordan bobbitt ?	jordan bobbitt
what is a track on 57	57
what album is by machinae supremacy	machinae supremacy
what 's a psychedelic rock artist	psychedelic rock
what type of film is paris	paris
whats the marketed formulation of granisetron	granisetron
what woman died by a stroke	a stroke
where was arthur m. jolly born	arthur m. jolly
which country is jebel uweinat in	jebel uweinat
what religion does zain verjee follow	zain verjee
where is aiklep language spoken ?	aiklep language
what does 225 henrietta orbit ?	225 henrietta
what books has milton abramowitz written	milton abramowitz
what company developed block breaker deluxe	block breaker deluxe
what 's exuma most famous for	exuma
what medium was ritual released on	ritual
what state is portersville in ?	portersville
where did boris malenko pass away	boris malenko
where did john marshall hamilton perish	john marshall hamilton
what book is about language ?	language
what is kate fabian 's anatomy	kate fabian
in what format was lullabots released	lullabots
what is michael mckeon 's nationality	michael mckeon
who is artis mills 's kid	artis mills
where is misery mountain located ?	misery mountain
which religion does michael pitt practice	michael pitt
where was personal jesus released ?	personal jesus
what position does peyton thompson play	peyton thompson
what 's an example of post-impressionism	post-impressionism
what is tha shiznit episode ii	tha shiznit episode ii
where did martin frederick ansel die	martin frederick ansel
what is a recording from tennessee	tennessee
what song did james ingram write	james ingram
what nationality is spike milligan milligan	spike milligan
tarke is in what country ?	tarke
what causes the disease clinical lycanthropy	clinical lycanthropy
which county is grandin in ?	grandin
which country speaks the lesing-gelimi language	lesing-gelimi language
what would you call modern currencies	modern currencies
what positions has jim mclaughlin played	jim mclaughlin
which release is eclipse from ?	eclipse
what episode did patrick mcgoohan write	patrick mcgoohan
name a progressive rock album .	progressive rock
what books have harry hill written	harry hill
what is a visual art painting	painting
where is cerro veronese located ?	cerro veronese
what country is view pointe within	view pointe
what track did lene lovich sing	lene lovich
which country is miren iza from	miren iza
what album is by café tacuba	café tacuba
what is greg peterson known for	greg peterson
who is the producer of armageddon	armageddon
why did dien van straalen die	dien van straalen
what position does scott vallow play	scott vallow
how would netflix classify head trauma	head trauma
which version is the single london	london
what is dexter weaver 's gender	dexter weaver
what religion does devadatta subscribe to	devadatta
what types of book is gridiron	gridiron
in what country was oktapodi filmed	oktapodi
what is a subject of atticus	atticus
what kind of album was philentropy	philentropy
what track did robert blackwell produce	robert blackwell
what is shigeru okada 's gender	shigeru okada
what is jim silva 's gender	jim silva
is shawn lee male or female	shawn lee
what episode comes out in dinnerladies	dinnerladies
where was leroy neiman born ?	leroy neiman
where was marvin t. culpepper born	marvin t. culpepper
what area is cauthornville in ?	cauthornville
what specific person died from cancer	cancer
who was born in alexandria ?	alexandria
which track is part of annie	annie
where did mehmood 's life end	mehmood
where uses central european time zone	central european time zone
laurent malet was born here .	laurent malet
arnold schoenberg wrote which film ?	arnold schoenberg
which country is károly stephanides from	károly stephanides
who is ringo deathstarr named after	ringo deathstarr
which artist made the recording tomorrow	tomorrow
who is annie known to be	annie
where was john digiorgio born ?	john digiorgio
which language family contains koba language	koba language
what position does nap lajoie play	nap lajoie
where did elizabeth p. farrington die	elizabeth p. farrington
what is located in west virginia	west virginia
what county is salisbury located in	salisbury
what 's a track from argus	argus
what is harald pietschmann 's nationality	harald pietschmann
what is a english baroque work	english baroque
what artist produced the album quickspace	quickspace
what country is béla szőkefalvi-nagy from	béla szőkefalvi-nagy
where was paul kester born ?	paul kester
what is ewen montagu 's profession	ewen montagu
what release is stay from ?	stay
what position does ron porter play	ron porter
what books are about england ?	england
what country is yuddham from ?	yuddham
where was beto naveda born ?	beto naveda
what label put out overtones ?	overtones
where do the hausa people live	hausa people
where did jeffrey steele originate from	jeffrey steele
what is a japanese animation series	animation
what is a track from holes	holes
where was rachel lampa born ?	rachel lampa
which military unit comes from kentucky	kentucky
what 's an album featuring coh	album
what type of thing is tatooine	tatooine
what did agustí mezquida do ?	agustí mezquida
what does vassilis katsikis do professionally	vassilis katsikis
what country is tony phillips from	tony phillips
what songs has norman granz produced	norman granz
what religion does ellen swedberg practice	ellen swedberg
where did joseph vogel die ?	joseph vogel
what pop musician released right here	right here
who wrote the mind 's i	the mind 's i
name a volcano located in hawaii	hawaii
what neighborhood is lindenwood located in	lindenwood
what is mirko boland 's gender	mirko boland
which position does phil kelly play	phil kelly
which town is wartburg located in	wartburg
is carli banks male or female	carli banks
how was i , robot released	i , robot
what is richy müller 's nationality	richy müller
which company published battlefield 3 ?	battlefield 3
which track contains god of hell	god of hell
what company did fred chang found	fred chang
which rugby does basil richards play	basil richards
who played the bass guitar ?	bass guitar
which country is timo salonen from	timo salonen
where did james milne wilson die	james milne wilson
who recorded thinking about you ?	thinking about you
who is signed with fervent records	fervent records
who are people born in japan	japan
in what format is limelight played	limelight
what language is dreaming in ?	dreaming
what are soul music albums ?	soul music
what country is the norseman from	the norseman
what city is lake simcoe in	lake simcoe
who recorded the song kansas city	kansas city
which city anna theresa harron died	anna theresa harron
how was joe dirt car released	joe dirt car
what country is hicks in ?	hicks
what album was texas released on	texas
which mountain range is blackhead in	blackhead
what lyrics did vanilla ice write	vanilla ice
where did david pingree die ?	david pingree
who was born in blackwater ?	blackwater
what is tom paciorek known for	tom paciorek
what album features the song fever	fever
what artist is on fantasia ?	fantasia
what position did cal emery play	cal emery
where was gregory the illuminator venerated	gregory the illuminator
which release includes the track hollywood	hollywood
which actor was born in houston	houston
who is a defender in football	defender
what state is waycross college in	waycross college
what universities are in europe ?	europe
what is tre hargett 's nationality	tre hargett
where in florida is riverland manors	riverland manors
what is al carmines 's gender	al carmines
who was born in bangalore ?	bangalore
where was rebecca gayheart born ?	rebecca gayheart
in what format is earthling presented	earthling
what is gabriele perico known for	gabriele perico
who recorded back in business ?	back in business
what was contained in villa barbaro	villa barbaro
earle c. clements is what nationality	earle c. clements
what album features the track murder	murder
which episode did stephen moyer direct	stephen moyer
who is beatrice warde 's mother	beatrice warde
who is a record producer ?	record producer
which release includes the track night	night
is michael storm male or female	michael storm
which genre is the album fopp	fopp
who released the track phoenix ?	phoenix
what film did wanda sykes write	wanda sykes
what 's a speed metal album	speed metal
is blood promise fiction or non-fiction	blood promise
what language is cold case in	cold case
what is kenth andersson known for	kenth andersson
what is a friendly dog breed	friendly
what musical group wrote angel coma	angel coma
which composer produces chamber music ?	chamber music
what person died from cancer ?	cancer
where play fleetwood mac 's music	fleetwood mac
what position does emerson pereira play	emerson pereira
what is a compilation album title	compilation album
which gender is jada rowland ?	jada rowland
what genre is the film parampara	parampara
what release featured the album prophet	prophet
what state is avalon park in	avalon park
what is june carr 's birthplace	june carr
whats the nationality of song ok-sook	song ok-sook
what genre is the invisible ?	the invisible
who was wind chill written by	wind chill
which city did robert moore die	robert moore
what kind of movie is b-happy	b-happy
what kind of music is onesidezero	onesidezero
what country is tom hollander from	tom hollander
what hill is located in jordan	jordan
where is ismael miranda originally from	ismael miranda
what kind of book is ballads	ballads
what 's marc bendavid 's gender	marc bendavid
what instrument does alphonso johnson play	alphonso johnson
where is mount tod based in	mount tod
what is the language of naqab	naqab
what continent is andorra in ?	andorra
where was mike bellamy born ?	mike bellamy
what genre of film is blindsided	blindsided
what country is baltimore park in	baltimore park
where did artur landsberger die ?	artur landsberger
where did nick massi die ?	nick massi
what artist made the album paris	paris
which artist recorded thunder road ?	thunder road
what film genre is postman ?	postman
where does cruzeiro esporte clube play	cruzeiro esporte clube
where is the cryin shames from	the cryin shames
who manufactures panasonic lumix dmc-fz8 ?	panasonic lumix dmc-fz8
where was greg pritikin born ?	greg pritikin
whats barack obama sr. 's ethnicity	barack obama sr.
which artist released peter cincotti ?	peter cincotti
bette is what type of music	bette
who was born in cobb ?	cobb
what is chromium found in ?	chromium
what 's the capital of montana	montana
what is a film about christmas	christmas
whats the nationality of elisabeth bergner	elisabeth bergner
how was the essential journey released	the essential journey
where is anadolu university located ?	anadolu university
what kind of movie is strapless	strapless
who recorded days of thunder ?	days of thunder
what lyrics did bono write ?	bono
what state is sumner county in	sumner county
which formulation is in clobetasol propionate	clobetasol propionate
what country is roger robinson from	roger robinson
where was the three musketeers filmed	the three musketeers
who is frank r. growcott ?	frank r. growcott
what was venus released on ?	venus
dane county contains what historic place	dane county
what did john hare do ?	john hare
who is a famous heavyweight fighter	heavyweight
what is isabell masters 's ethnicity	isabell masters
what is a black-and-white film ?	black-and-white
what is richard prince known as	richard prince
what country is clallam language found	clallam language
what country is nia vardalos from	nia vardalos
where were polish–swedish wars fought in	polish–swedish wars
what artist released the recording electron	electron
who wrote the song green isaac	green isaac
where was harvey crossland given birth	harvey crossland
what type of film is menace	menace
name an album of soul music	soul music
who produced the song midsummer night	midsummer night
what state is cotton valley in	cotton valley
what belief does edmond hogan practice	edmond hogan
which country is trenčín region in	trenčín region
where did george katinakis die ?	george katinakis
what is ebrahim taghipour 's gender	ebrahim taghipour
what position does david marshall play	david marshall
what is a 1999 documentary film	documentary film
what is the coil about ?	the coil
where is sam chan from ?	sam chan
which type of mountain is gamalama	gamalama
what sort of movie is judgement	judgement
is nightsongs a drama or comedy	nightsongs
what film did antoine fuqua produce	antoine fuqua
what educational university is in florida	florida
who is a defender in football	defender
name a national naval vessel .	national
what artist produced the album numb/encore	numb/encore
what team is located in ankara	ankara
what county is larrywaug contained by	larrywaug
what team does abe pollin own	abe pollin
what is a post-punk song ?	post-punk
what film did samuel fuller direct	samuel fuller
what is the subject of transition	transition
where was albert popwell born ?	albert popwell
where was thomas pinault born ?	thomas pinault
what river partially runs through virginia	virginia
who wrote the magic show ?	the magic show
which artist made the album jump	jump
whats the nationality of jamie aditya	jamie aditya
where was robin spry born ?	robin spry
what position does jeff adrien play	jeff adrien
who did gunter grass influence ?	gunter grass
who is a film director ?	film director
which footballer plays the midfielder position	midfielder
what release is navigator in ?	navigator
what city is carey selph died	carey selph
where was the album desire released	desire
what 's out of eden about	out of eden
what film did jack nicholson write	jack nicholson
where was fred johnson born ?	fred johnson
what county is benton located in	benton
what restaurant serves tex-mex food ?	tex-mex food
which tv program is music video	music video
what position does abderrahim ouakili play	abderrahim ouakili
what is chuck share 's gender	chuck share
what sex is frank crawford armstrong	frank crawford armstrong
where was stephen a. douglas buried	stephen a. douglas
what gender is terri hanauer ?	terri hanauer
which company produced affair in havana	affair in havana
what artist makes dance-pop music ?	dance-pop
what is peter dicken known as	peter dicken
what is william green 's sex	william green
who edited the movie seven chances	seven chances
what release did pierre marchand produce	pierre marchand
which movie did george mendeluk direct	george mendeluk
what song did michelle shocked write	michelle shocked
who recorded the song coloured city	coloured city
what was mickey moore famous as	mickey moore
what race is melinda clarke ?	melinda clarke
what recording contains the track september	september
what gender is erol gelenbe considered	erol gelenbe
where was charles r. adams born	charles r. adams
which song is part of berlin	berlin
what gender is antonio altoviti ?	antonio altoviti
what kind of film is flyabout	flyabout
which ingredient is contained in azithromycin	azithromycin
what artist play punk rock music	punk rock
what type of book is nine	nine
what celestial object is 6726 suthers	6726 suthers
which city was al wickland born	al wickland
what is david staff 's nationality	david staff
who is roman oleynik 's child	roman oleynik
what is a song on excalibur	excalibur
what category does badge belong to	badge
what language is spoken in zenda	zenda
what is a track of stay	stay
where did james cook die ?	james cook
what country is anna holbrook from	anna holbrook
what language is dashiell hammett in	dashiell hammett
is richard blumenthal male or female	richard blumenthal
what genre is the preppie murder	the preppie murder
where was ride the lightning released	ride the lightning
which country is andrea west from	andrea west
what nationality is annick smith ?	annick smith
which city did peter collinson die	peter collinson
what is david mcdermott football position	david mcdermott
what category is portable network graphics	portable network graphics
what language is spoken in cadets	cadets
the book ramuntcho is what genre	ramuntcho
where did christophe dupouey die ?	christophe dupouey
which district is sarre in ?	sarre
what religion does edmond auger have	edmond auger
which artist recorded hide ya face	hide ya face
what gothic rock albums are there	gothic rock
what has lloyd cole composed ?	lloyd cole
what is hollywood known as ?	hollywood
what film did john jympson edit	john jympson
where uses central european time zone	central european time zone
what instrument does andré watts play	andré watts
what is the secret room about	the secret room
where was the pulse album released	pulse
what color is berger picard in	berger picard
where is hotel julien dubuque located	hotel julien dubuque
in what region was 1967 released	1967
which artist recorded the album eclipse	eclipse
what gender is david thomas ?	david thomas
what nationality is paul marquess ?	paul marquess
what is a 2006 action game	action game
what gender is michalina almindo ?	michalina almindo
what language is bitter seeds in	bitter seeds
thomas egan is of what nationality	thomas egan
who is a notable dance-pop artist	dance-pop
which treatment is required of myocarditis	myocarditis
where did felix weltsch die ?	felix weltsch
what music genre is still here	still here
what is vanja radinović 's nationality	vanja radinović
who edited the book the pothunters	the pothunters
where was billy fitchford born ?	billy fitchford
which county is 12549 located in	12549
where was jérémie elkaïm born ?	jérémie elkaïm
what is la bolduc 's ethnicity	la bolduc
which city did cecil purdy die	cecil purdy
where was sadie harris born ?	sadie harris
is christopher north male or female	christopher north
what is a city in idaho	idaho
who was born in cavite city	cavite city
where was myers colvin born ?	myers colvin
what is samantha culp 's nationality	samantha culp
what time zone is pella in	pella
who directed the film chetna ?	chetna
what genre does phelan sheppard make	phelan sheppard
who edited the film titled seshu	seshu
what event occurred in new territories	new territories
which album is created by nepal	nepal
is dario bonetti male or female	dario bonetti
where was angelika von fritsch born	angelika von fritsch
which type of film is qila	qila
what instrument does jonah matranga play	jonah matranga
what 's a release from jojo	jojo
what instrument does waylon jennings play	waylon jennings
which state held first texas navy	first texas navy
what is kara taylor 's profession	kara taylor
who was a goalkeeper in football	goalkeeper
what is one type of hepatitis	hepatitis
what is the origin of t-max	t-max
who was born in auckland ?	auckland
where did rowland hussey macy perish	rowland hussey macy
what does 6107 osterbrock orbit around	6107 osterbrock
who wrote lord of the libraries	lord of the libraries
whats a region located in georgia	georgia
which gender is frederick campling ?	frederick campling
what is a korean drama ?	korean drama
what album was eclipse released on	eclipse
what is charlotte menke gender ?	charlotte menke
which artists play instrumental rock ?	instrumental rock
who recorded the song hawaii ?	hawaii
what city is noor mahal in	noor mahal
what is michael leighton 's nationality	michael leighton
which genre does neal schon perform	neal schon
which town is located in sicily	sicily
what tracks has smokey robinson produced	smokey robinson
which artist recorded no turning back	no turning back
which country was california released in	california
who is a white american writer	white american
which films did marc abraham produce	marc abraham
which position does cordarro law play	cordarro law
what jurisdiction does texas legislature govern	texas legislature
what position does artur voskanyan play	artur voskanyan
which novelist admired ernest hemingway ?	ernest hemingway
what is tristania 's origin ?	tristania
where did demi lovato originate from	demi lovato
what area does kdwn play for	kdwn
what language is used by fade	fade
what language was echoplex composed in	echoplex
where is murr river located ?	murr river
what type temple is al-aqsa mosque	al-aqsa mosque
what release is jerusalem in ?	jerusalem
what did alexander butlerov invent ?	alexander butlerov
is tildie soames male or female	tildie soames
where is north fort myers located	north fort myers
what is a track from abandon	abandon
is feelings an album or other	feelings
what country is dženan radončić from	dženan radončić
which city was lesley sluzynski born	lesley sluzynski
what is banner , virginia within	banner , virginia
what country was pinocchio filmed in	pinocchio
who was born in lexington ?	lexington
what type of genre is dis/connected	dis/connected
what musician is featured on womc	womc
which county is pierceton located in	pierceton
what person is a musician ?	musician
where is aselin debison originally from	aselin debison
which shape is halotestin 10 tablet	halotestin 10 tablet
what country was hurra released in	hurra
what position does ahmed fahmie play	ahmed fahmie
who produced the movie born ?	born
what mode is available in starcraft	starcraft
what religion does lars gustafsson practice	lars gustafsson
where was anquan boldin born ?	anquan boldin
what books has patrick carman written	patrick carman
who created the character lex luthor	lex luthor
what album is tupelo found on	tupelo
what country is sidekick from ?	sidekick
who is lowri madoc 's parent	lowri madoc
what position did red proctor play	red proctor
in what language is bloodfist spoken	bloodfist
where was harmony ikande born ?	harmony ikande
what is the sun orbited by	the sun
what film has robin moore written	robin moore
which album is fever off of	fever
what is a romance film ?	romance film
what gender is fernando zappia ?	fernando zappia
which film did neil hunter direct	neil hunter
is bobby mcaleer female or male	bobby mcaleer
whats an album by the honeycombs	the honeycombs
where is juan jaime from ?	juan jaime
what kind of film is doppelganger	doppelganger
what nationality is choi-ning lee ?	choi-ning lee
which state does irwin reside in	irwin
what character is a female ?	female
where was joseph deniker born ?	joseph deniker
what kind of mountain is grímsvötn	grímsvötn
who directed the film black ?	black
what country is melanie tonello from	melanie tonello
where did the artist astroline originate	astroline
where was ričardas beniušis born ?	ričardas beniušis
which company produced e.t. the extra-terrestrial	e.t. the extra-terrestrial
what country is natasha beaumont from	natasha beaumont
where was david lyons 's birthplace	david lyons
where is kate rusby from ?	kate rusby
where did tom watson die ?	tom watson
what types of play is geist	geist
what is the universe of qo'nos	qo'nos
who is the screenwriter for go	go
where did imagenes originate from ?	imagenes
which country is eaton corners in	eaton corners
which song is a song ?	song
what kind of film is afro-punk	afro-punk
what label is bonham signed with	bonham
where is t. bill sutherland from	t. bill sutherland
what are the tracks on lourds	lourds
where does ozzy osbourne come from	ozzy osbourne
which artist performs indie rock ?	indie rock
where was sebastián morquio born ?	sebastián morquio
what is charlotte fich 's gender	charlotte fich
what type of composition was reasons	reasons
what art medium is trinity ?	trinity
what is jake gyllenhaal 's ethnicity	jake gyllenhaal
how is winterlied composed as ?	winterlied
what 's a landmark in australia	australia
what is a treatment for giardiasis	giardiasis
what is yossi vardi 's gender	yossi vardi
what country is bob kortman from	bob kortman
what is an african-american studies book	african-american studies
which country is yasuaki nakajima from	yasuaki nakajima
is inge lønning male or female	inge lønning
name a person born in montreal	montreal
what gender is swoop g ?	swoop g
name a community located in kentucky	kentucky
what is an album from 2005	album
what language is goodnight lovers in	goodnight lovers
who directed the film the bulleteers	the bulleteers
what did anthony drewe write ?	anthony drewe
where was daniele sepe born ?	daniele sepe
what city did karl blank die	karl blank
is christian estrosi male or female	christian estrosi
where was the book bolt published	bolt
where is paul wittich from ?	paul wittich
what does elinor morton hoyt do	elinor morton hoyt
what is martin ellerby famous for	martin ellerby
who composed the piece mandatory suicide	mandatory suicide
what kind of movie is paws	paws
what production company produced the fighter	the fighter
which language was used in tay	tay
what is heng wu 's profession	heng wu
what country is vachan from ?	vachan
which city did mikhail kozakov die	mikhail kozakov
where was 9988 erictemplebell discovered ?	9988 erictemplebell
where is princeton university nassau hall	princeton university nassau hall
which industry is epicenter studios in	epicenter studios
is kwan-hun lee male or female	kwan-hun lee
what actor was born in copenhagen	copenhagen
who recorded the song baby ?	baby
is gaston gabaroche male or female	gaston gabaroche
what is william colby 's gender	william colby
what tracks are on connecticut ?	connecticut
which type of film is holiday	holiday
what astronauts were involved in sts-30	sts-30
what was the gender of fantasia	fantasia
who recorded the album musclebound ?	musclebound
which region released sixty nine stereovox	sixty nine stereovox
which version is part of busted	busted
which country is martin lel from	martin lel
where does mircea oltean come from	mircea oltean
which region was human released in	human
where was alan thompson born ?	alan thompson
where did bill ross die ?	bill ross
what track is part of poison	poison
where is the fairfield inn located	fairfield inn
what is dieter kirchlechner 's gender	dieter kirchlechner
is christine devine female or male	christine devine
what candy is made by nestle	nestle
what film did george miller direct	george miller
what label is andy khachaturian with	andy khachaturian
which asian country is yersey within	yersey
what is thomas lowndes 's nationality	thomas lowndes
what author did anita desai inspire	anita desai
is charlie russell male or female	charlie russell
name a parent of la troienne	la troienne
what release has the track bulletproof	bulletproof
name a piece of literature .	literature
which film is a drama ?	drama
name an album by george canyon	album
what episode did tom ray direct	tom ray
what country is naperville township in	naperville township
who released the track poison ?	poison
what is the sweet hereafter ?	the sweet hereafter
which country released worse than war	worse than war
who directed the film analyze that	analyze that
which team does bob huggins coach	bob huggins
is dizzy sutherland male or female	dizzy sutherland
is ludwig suthaus male or female	ludwig suthaus
what college is in taguig ?	taguig
where is jethro located at ?	jethro
what country is marie-jeanne orona from	marie-jeanne orona
which country produces city of water	city of water
which country is halfdan rasmussen from	halfdan rasmussen
where was shana haji born ?	shana haji
where is the uyarthiru 420 from	uyarthiru 420
what gender is aileen paterson ?	aileen paterson
who is the performer of amsterdam	amsterdam
which city was hakeem kae-kazim born	hakeem kae-kazim
which record is part of gold	gold
where is stuart beedie born ?	stuart beedie
what province is hrubieszów located in	hrubieszów
which book 's subject is music	music
who is the cinematographer for syriana	syriana
where was harold robert perry born	harold robert perry
what genre best describes big revenge	big revenge
what language is between us in	between us
where was charles haskins townsend born	charles haskins townsend
what was the episode before chicago	chicago
who authored possession : a romance	possession : a romance
which company manufactures temazepam 22.5 capsule	temazepam 22.5 capsule
where did dionysius of halicarnassus die	dionysius of halicarnassus
which drug has a cinnamon flavor	cinnamon
who wrote the film 800 bullets	800 bullets
where was lorne lofsky born ?	lorne lofsky
what is a book about adventure	adventure
what state is gilpin farms in	gilpin farms
which aircraft is produced by boeing	boeing
what is the topic of truth	truth
name a professional film producer .	film producer
name a rowing team from oxford	rowing
what is sven pape known for	sven pape
which asteroid group contains 8494 edpatvega	8494 edpatvega
what is the little chenier genre	little chenier
who engineered the song distopia ?	distopia
where was john ellis born ?	john ellis
what nationality is simon vincent ?	simon vincent
what track is masterpiece on ?	masterpiece
what is jason romano known for	jason romano
who is barron hilton 's mother	barron hilton
who recorded mr. banks is discharged	mr. banks is discharged
what is maniac magee known as	maniac magee
what language does aaron tveit speak	aaron tveit
who is an electronic music artist	electronic music
who is a defender in football	defender
who is linda hope 's father	linda hope
what type of book is hokum	hokum
what state is maxwell crossing in	maxwell crossing
whats the photo titled new jersey	new jersey
what 's the format of ckga	ckga
what is a song on in-a-gadda-da-nash	in-a-gadda-da-nash
what a book about history ?	history
which artist recorded o holy night	o holy night
what is virginio vespignani 's profession	virginio vespignani
what release is from steve mcqueen	steve mcqueen
where music mix has electronic music	electronic music
what is rachel green 's ethnicity	rachel green
which provence is zutphen located ?	zutphen
what is an indie film ?	indie film
which country is lee ha-jun from	lee ha-jun
which country was pierre-jean vaillard from	pierre-jean vaillard
what 's the subject of found	found
which country is rick schwartz from	rick schwartz
who did james crafts work with	james crafts
name a symptom from hypertension .	hypertension
what sport did john wood play	john wood
what license does nikolai rimsky-korsakov hold	nikolai rimsky-korsakov
what artist plays alternative rock ?	alternative rock
where is strathmore found in ?	strathmore
who recorded whip yo ass ?	whip yo ass
which cemetery was woodlawn cemetery buried	woodlawn cemetery
what orbits around the sun ?	the sun
in what state is monticello in	monticello
who is a progressive house artist	progressive house
where is cherry creek located ?	cherry creek
who is a male fictional character	male
which animation did raoul servais direct	animation
which state was santonio thomas from	santonio thomas
what is dick keith 's gender	dick keith
what super power does nimrod have	nimrod
where is azathioprine 50 tablet available	azathioprine 50 tablet
what is the format of werc-fm	werc-fm
name a public school in delaware	public school
which language is spoken in megacities	megacities
what wrote our angry earth ?	our angry earth
what book did gaston leroux write	gaston leroux
what type of disease is strabismus	strabismus
where was myuran sukumaran birthed ?	myuran sukumaran
which country is simon baker from	simon baker
which songs has steve rothery composed	steve rothery
how did karl paryla die ?	karl paryla
what cult does janet farrar practice	janet farrar
what recording is mary bell from	mary bell
is ted goodier male or female	ted goodier
who is the artist for radiation	radiation
which games were developed by atari	atari
what is kylun 's fictional gender	kylun
what is sana saeed 's nationality	sana saeed
what language did adolf dygasiński speak	adolf dygasiński
what genre is storm the palace	storm the palace
what country is greg behrendt from	greg behrendt
which country speaks the hamba language	hamba language
which country is cécilia hornus from	cécilia hornus
what is a song off chicago	chicago
which country contains antioch township ?	antioch township
where did niko pirosmani finally die	niko pirosmani
what type of composition is greatest-hits	greatest-hits
what country is wandsbek in ?	wandsbek
what kind of movie is l´amateur	l´amateur
what language does roumelia lane speak	roumelia lane
is kobi jaeger male or female	kobi jaeger
what album is closer on ?	closer
what is a compilation album ?	compilation album
which solicitor was of anglo-indian ethnicity	anglo-indian
which city did vladimir vysotsky die	vladimir vysotsky
where can 35350 lespaul be found	35350 lespaul
what kind of film is panorama	panorama
what is shin sawbu 's ethnicity	shin sawbu
what is a indian drama film	drama film
who developed motoko-chan no wonder kitchen	motoko-chan no wonder kitchen
what is jon lucien 's gender	jon lucien
what gender is menelik shabazz ?	menelik shabazz
what is walther heissig known for	walther heissig
what episode did william blinn write	william blinn
what are electronic music albums ?	electronic music
is amanda conner male or female	amanda conner
who was waddy wachtel 's label	waddy wachtel
what genre is henry fool ?	henry fool
what is eli noam 's job	eli noam
where was jan kaspar born ?	jan kaspar
who is a producer of chicago	chicago
what country is james develin from	james develin
what 's a symptom of tendonitis	tendonitis
which region was silver released in	silver
what position does greg pateryn play	greg pateryn
what is the gender of lana	lana
what is a jazz artist ?	jazz
what condition does emmanuel burriss have	emmanuel burriss
where was surekha vani given birth	surekha vani
what genre is declaration of conformity	declaration of conformity
what is jim davidson birth place	jim davidson
what type of film is motives	motives
what state is worland located in	worland
what kind of movie is adrift	adrift
who was born in honolulu ?	honolulu
what architectural style is pitcher-goff house	pitcher-goff house
what state is south lewiston in	south lewiston
where is saddle rock located ?	saddle rock
how did harry pierpont die ?	harry pierpont
what language is spoken in tarzan	tarzan
of what nationality is kenzo taniguchi	kenzo taniguchi
what country is railroaded ! from	railroaded !
who produced the inflated tear ?	the inflated tear
which county is bardstown located in	bardstown
what 's gregory berkin 's profession	gregory berkin
what religion does ion bostan practice	ion bostan
who directed steal this movie !	steal this movie !
which condition is from catherine tate	catherine tate
what films are by metro-goldwyn-mayer ?	metro-goldwyn-mayer
what is david pierre 's ethnicity	david pierre
what player plays right fielder ?	right fielder
which foreign genre is hello brother	hello brother
what sport does george pipgras officiate	george pipgras
what country contains windward community college	windward community college
what gender is john grogan ?	john grogan
what events happened at belgrade ?	belgrade
which game mode is stargate worlds	stargate worlds
what position does max bentley play	max bentley
who breeded the horse street cry	street cry
what is craster considered to be	craster
who directed aval oru thodar kathai	aval oru thodar kathai
where was oh jung-won born ?	oh jung-won
what nationality is john olden ?	john olden
what is brian o'carroll 's profession	brian o'carroll
who directed the episode dirty work	dirty work
what person is a pitcher ?	pitcher
who was born in praia ?	praia
what country is lloyd moseby from	lloyd moseby
what 's an album by soil	album
john williams created this track .	john williams
what organization is thornn with ?	thornn
which country is craig page from	craig page
is anson downes male or female	anson downes
where was marija milutinovic born ?	marija milutinovic
name a german electronic music artist	electronic music
who composed the song sober ?	sober
what country is giovanni lavaggi from	giovanni lavaggi
which album includes the lemon song	lemon
new world computing developed what game	new world computing
who was born in riga ?	riga
which genre is monsters found in	monsters
what is chaminade university of honolulu	chaminade university of honolulu
what position does craig anderson play	craig anderson
which album contained the release busted	busted
what is yang jian 's gender	yang jian
what is created by arnold houbraken	arnold houbraken
name an album by motley crue	motley crue
what county is smithfield located in	smithfield
who was born in moscow ?	moscow
which industry does telesat operate in	telesat
what state is alton located in	alton
what kinds of movie is bottle	bottle
what is roberto purvis 's gender	roberto purvis
which country does phobia come from	phobia
what type of art is paris	paris
where was alastair gamble 's birthplace	alastair gamble
where was 5041 theotes discovered ?	5041 theotes
what release format is freispiel ?	freispiel
who played the double bass ?	double bass
where was charles henry parkhurst born	charles henry parkhurst
what city is tenkyû fukuda from	tenkyû fukuda
what tv program is science fiction	science fiction
what country is michele berk from	michele berk
which country is horace cumner from	horace cumner
which company is tinashé with ?	tinashé
what 's a city in pennsylvania	pennsylvania
where did robert cory pass away	robert cory
which artist recorded the song diamond	diamond
who composed you ruined everything ?	you ruined everything
what is nate watt known for	nate watt
where is bombay vikings from ?	bombay vikings
what is an animated musical film	musical
where is the melrose district located	melrose district
what country is kick me from	kick me
is letlapa mphahlele male or female	letlapa mphahlele
what is in gran canaria ?	gran canaria
what was chris hanburger 's occupation	chris hanburger
where was east african campaign held	east african campaign
what genre is radical cartesianism considered	radical cartesianism
who produced the film idhaya thirudan	idhaya thirudan
what is gilberto gil 's nationality	gilberto gil
what album is by louis couperin	louis couperin
what artist created something special ?	something special
which gender is didier daeninckx ?	didier daeninckx
where did gene corbett die ?	gene corbett
what gender is michelle park steel	michelle park steel
what type of broadcast is kcte	kcte
what country is clint johnson from	clint johnson
what types of album is fossils	fossils
which county is city village in	city village
which city uses mountain time zone	mountain time zone
what netflix genre is the hitchhiker	the hitchhiker
cardinal health makes what drug ?	cardinal health
what is hector chevigny 's profession	hector chevigny
what instrument does richard patrick play	richard patrick
what is a very friendly dog	very friendly
what gender is robert creighton williams	robert creighton williams
what position does boima karpeh play	boima karpeh
who was born in winnipeg ?	winnipeg
what is marc singer 's gender	marc singer
what genre is the birthday tree	the birthday tree
what instrument does francesco geminiani play	francesco geminiani
what actress was born in sofia	sofia
what format was 1999 released in	1999
what did franz schubert compose ?	franz schubert
whats a gay genre netflix title	gay
what ethnicity is sinnathamby rajaratnam ?	sinnathamby rajaratnam
where is the kosciusko county division	kosciusko county
what is the license for tahitianprincess	tahitianprincess
is kathy macdonald male or female	kathy macdonald
which book is part of dracula	dracula
where is tina cousins from ?	tina cousins
what is lebanon valley college ?	lebanon valley college
what is a horror film ?	horror film
what is bupropion an ingredient of	bupropion
what album was fantasy released on	fantasy
where was salvador dali published ?	salvador dali
what type of mountain is tronador	tronador
what software has microsoft corporation created	microsoft corporation
what is oleg morozov 's nationality	oleg morozov
what is the classification of anatinae	anatinae
which artist performs the genre post-punk	post-punk
what types of music is seasons	seasons
who is created by mikuru asahina	mikuru asahina
which position does hjalte nørregaard play	hjalte nørregaard
which state is shady nook located	shady nook
what book did george cockcroft write	george cockcroft
what county is hadley in ?	hadley
which ethnicity is arthur j. bond	arthur j. bond
where was tee martin born ?	tee martin
what gender does aristagoras identify as	aristagoras
who is an ambient music artist	ambient music
who released the track taxi ?	taxi
where did dola de john decease	dola de john
where was gerald o. young born	gerald o. young
which country was simhadri filmed in	simhadri
where did wilbur j. cohen die	wilbur j. cohen
who can play the saxophone ?	saxophone
who has played pitcher in baseball	pitcher
who did karl marx influence ?	karl marx
where did jane allen die ?	jane allen
where was the book psalms published	psalms
what state does earl blumenauer represent	earl blumenauer
what is a private university ?	private university
which city was jerzy wasowski born	jerzy wasowski
where did maurice gifford die ?	maurice gifford
who is the writer of pilot	pilot
what album does soledad appear on	soledad
which state is salmon–huckleberry wilderness in	salmon–huckleberry wilderness
what is cesare canevari 's nationality	cesare canevari
where did teodor pîca die ?	teodor pîca
what religion does vladimír holan practice	vladimír holan
what time zone is tyonek in	tyonek
what is camille-marie stamaty known for	camille-marie stamaty
what album was produced by earshot	earshot
what is a track off cars	cars
what 's a place inside kentucky	kentucky
which country is vuoksi river in	vuoksi river
what is vartapet komitas 's gender	vartapet komitas
what art school influenced marcel breuer	marcel breuer
who is cathy crawford parent ?	cathy crawford
what taxon does asteraceae belong to	asteraceae
what country was birthday released in	birthday
which agency is part of montana	montana
what work is about religion ?	religion
where is david arkin from ?	david arkin
where is the rajendra agricultural university	rajendra agricultural university
what video game platform is dragonsphere	dragonsphere
which mascot represents manchester high school	manchester high school
what nation is predrag damnjanovic from	predrag damnjanovic
what kind of book is yezhov	yezhov
what is austin known as ?	austin
how did john meredyth lucas die	john meredyth lucas
what is jeff brantley notable for	jeff brantley
what music does moth make ?	moth
name a man shops globe episode	man shops globe
what is a drama film ?	drama film
where is faith global from ?	faith global
which position does dave beaumont play	dave beaumont
where was john macleod born ?	john macleod
what kind of film is frühlingsrauschen	frühlingsrauschen
who is someone born in zelenograd	zelenograd
what is a track on changeling	changeling
where was paul bontenbal born ?	paul bontenbal
where is goldendale , washington located	goldendale , washington
what is orbited by 9108 toruyusa	9108 toruyusa
which country was earth released in	earth
what was otto kretschmer 's nationality	otto kretschmer
where is the american poet from	american poet
who recorded the track redondo beach	redondo beach
what drama came out in 2011	drama
which country is kim jin-man from	kim jin-man
where did ned sparks die ?	ned sparks
what radio station broadcasted skeeter davis	skeeter davis
what type of release was offramp	offramp
what are titles of family films	family
where is joan bennett kennedy from	joan bennett kennedy
what is a town in brazil	brazil
where was jacek królik birthed ?	jacek królik
what does 2905 plaskett orbit ?	2905 plaskett
what position does sho iwasaki play	sho iwasaki
which region was subculture originally published	subculture
what types of book is diana	diana
where did michael flanders die ?	michael flanders
where did kaarlo tuominen pass away	kaarlo tuominen
which country is bernard amadei from	bernard amadei
who directed little annie rooney ?	little annie rooney
where was ravi sharma born ?	ravi sharma
what gender is christopher green ?	christopher green
which scientist was joule named after	joule
what language is evenor written in	evenor
what treats a urinary tract infection	urinary tract infection
which position does brian tyms play	brian tyms
which country is joshua clayton from	joshua clayton
what school is located in makassar	makassar
what country is east perth in	east perth
which country was john kirby from	john kirby
where was john-patrick smith born ?	john-patrick smith
which japanese band features bass guitar	bass guitar
what city is close to questacon	questacon
what category is 9922 catcheller in	9922 catcheller
what company did robyn goodman create	robyn goodman
what instrument does jack bruce play	jack bruce
which country is kanae hasebe from	kanae hasebe
where was self medicated filmed ?	self medicated
what language does raj kapoor speak	raj kapoor
which film created the barefoot artist	the barefoot artist
which country is rick stear from	rick stear
what company produced the patriot ?	the patriot
who founded the organization 2929 entertainment	2929 entertainment
what genre is toy soldiers ?	toy soldiers
what artist performed tour de force	tour de force
what language is kavinsky in ?	kavinsky
what kind of movie is spaceballs	spaceballs
which city did ellis jeffreys die	ellis jeffreys
which track is part of independence	independence
is elitza katzarska male or female	elitza katzarska
where was simone dallamano born ?	simone dallamano
what is jim shannon 's nationality	jim shannon
what country is wilhelm dörpfeld from	wilhelm dörpfeld
what is john dale 's nationality	john dale
who is the author of pylon	pylon
what is wolfgang loitzl known for	wolfgang loitzl
who 's the producer of sunnypsyop	sunnypsyop
where is viktoriya yermolyeva from ?	viktoriya yermolyeva
what is miss my 's gender	miss my
which country is jessica caban from	jessica caban
what are titles of crime thrillers	crime thrillers
what belief does steve sviggum practice	steve sviggum
which country is rheinfelden based in	rheinfelden
what is pauline kael 's ethnicity	pauline kael
which country is cathy barber from	cathy barber
what is murriel page 's gender	murriel page
where did friedrich august ukert die	friedrich august ukert
what album was sirius recorded ?	sirius
what 's a good breakfast food	breakfast food
what is trypsin used to treat	trypsin
what state is weston contained in	weston
what is elizabeth christensen 's profession	elizabeth christensen
what gender is william bigelow ?	william bigelow
whats a book about 20th century	20th century
what types of movie is wedding	wedding
what gender is scat daddy ?	scat daddy
who is joseph b. soloveitchik son	joseph b. soloveitchik
which artist is on netwavz radio	netwavz radio
where did the chore come from	chore
what 's an experimental music album	experimental music
which city was sebastian ströbel born	sebastian ströbel
what religion does cecil chesterton practice	cecil chesterton
what is ray vukcevich 's gender	ray vukcevich
who was the author of poems	poems
what is a macintosh computer ?	macintosh
who was the publisher of stunts	stunts
what ethnicity is katharina althaus ?	katharina althaus
where did joe rand beckett die	joe rand beckett
name a bollywood musical film ?	musical
what 's the soundtrack for s.cry.ed	soundtrack
where was frank ernaga born ?	frank ernaga
what religion does khawaja nazimuddin practice	khawaja nazimuddin
what subject is used in nasa	nasa
what position does don givens play	don givens
where did frederick willoughby die ?	frederick willoughby
who published color a dinosaur ?	color a dinosaur
what political party is socialism ?	socialism
what label is senadee signed with	senadee
what is odalys garcía 's ethnicity	odalys garcía
what release is 1999 from ?	1999
what is a country music album	country music
what is howard johnson 's sex	howard johnson
who is an asian american ?	asian american
from what recording is billy from	billy
which tourist attraction is in camden	camden
which country is muirkirk in ?	muirkirk
which tv series featured dublin ?	dublin
where was looking glass studios organized	looking glass studios
what is ossie schectman 's nationality	ossie schectman
where was roland beamont born ?	roland beamont
where did artist carpathian originate from	carpathian
what do member of mahamudra practice	mahamudra
what country is wrapture ! from	wrapture !
what types of music is andiamo	andiamo
is forum power pop or rock	forum
what is a short film ?	short film
what is a song by macabre	macabre
which sequel did screen gems produce	screen gems
whats the name of a televangelist	televangelist
what genre best describes charles earland	charles earland
which film did simon fawcett produce	simon fawcett
what are actors born in italy	italy
what is cristóbal cruz 's gender	cristóbal cruz
which song was part of baby	baby
what is a track from babylon	babylon
whats the nationality of mitra hajjar	mitra hajjar
who was born in warsaw ?	warsaw
what track was released in avatar	avatar
which country is arthur bernard from	arthur bernard
what is nisse hirn birth place	nisse hirn
what game is from midway games	midway games
where was art kane birthed ?	art kane
where did eileen caddy pass away	eileen caddy
which artist made the recording gold	gold
what country is christian rahn from	christian rahn
what is an album by chipmunk	chipmunk
what video game influenced microsoft flight	microsoft flight
who is a disc jockey ?	disc jockey
where can 5260 philvéron be found	5260 philvéron
who recorded the track just friends	just friends
which label signed the artist nitty	nitty
what position did asa hall play	asa hall
what country is justin helwege from	justin helwege
in which state is plymouth located	plymouth
from what country is toñito from	toñito
where is tommy hestmark from ?	tommy hestmark
who produced the recording sorry ?	sorry
what is behind the green door	behind the green door
what type of story is 1408	1408
what county does midland belong to	midland
what is peter falk 's race	peter falk
what band is with situation two	situation two
who wrote the album austin sunday	austin sunday
what is a song by chamillionaire	chamillionaire
what is a kickboxing program ?	kickboxing
who has the title roman emperor	roman emperor
which city did bruno heck die	bruno heck
what gender is anthony crank ?	anthony crank
who was born in toronto ?	toronto
what tv program is romance film	romance film
where is the famous candler building	candler building
what is the world below considered	the world below
who was the writer of despair	despair
which language was innocence filmed in	innocence
who directed the film icarus ?	icarus
what is david novack known for	david novack
what is the namesake of sunset	sunset
where can 9544 scottbirney be found	9544 scottbirney
who created py ( cipher )	py
what caused ben gage 's death	ben gage
where is hoovina hadagali located ?	hoovina hadagali
name a man born in melbourne	melbourne
who released the recording grand canyon	grand canyon
what gender is quinn k. redeker	quinn k. redeker
what is ken owen 's nationality	ken owen
in what format was redux produce	redux
what is south ribble known for	south ribble
where is blackstone building located ?	blackstone building
is cotton minahan male or female	cotton minahan
what 's a city in italy	italy
what position does cecil souders play	cecil souders
what country does keeler belong to	keeler
what language is spoken in blues	blues
what album is ep part of	ep
which country was pinocchio 3000 filmed	pinocchio 3000
what 's team stronach 's ideology	team stronach
who recorded how lucky i am	how lucky i am
where was william j. heffernan bown	william j. heffernan
what kind of station is kfor-tv	kfor-tv
which country is kaplan college-midland in	kaplan college-midland
what position does ed galigher play	ed galigher
what language is spoken in chained	chained
who is a rugby union player	rugby union
who wrote the film the innocents	the innocents
what was a release from fracture	fracture
what 's a song by phish	phish
what album was daybreak released from	daybreak
where did thomas willeboirts bosschaert die	thomas willeboirts bosschaert
what band recorded the song star	star
what instrument did jerry garcia play	jerry garcia
what caused edward jenner to die	edward jenner
what schools have single-sex education ?	single-sex education
what did caryl churchill write ?	caryl churchill
what was kansas city released on	kansas city
what format does painted turtle have	painted turtle
which album is created by bloodgood	bloodgood
where did herbert spencer die ?	herbert spencer
where is virgin australia holdings founded	virgin australia holdings
who is naresuan university named after	naresuan university
what state is riviera isle in	riviera isle
name a television netflix genre .	television
which cinematographer produced oliver twist ?	oliver twist
where did gosannen war take place	gosannen war
in what country was polizei filmed	polizei
what country is cusco region located	cusco region
what instrument does mark matejka play	mark matejka
who is a notable baseball player	baseball player
how did william carroll die ?	william carroll
what country is emilie snethlage from	emilie snethlage
what language is spoken in 404	404
what instrument does joe lovano play	joe lovano
where was richard h. cutting born	richard h. cutting
what instrument does rex liu play	rex liu
who was born in buenos aires	buenos aires
who was parc jean-drapeau named after	parc jean-drapeau
what does 3228 pire orbit ?	3228 pire
what are themes in no comebacks	no comebacks
what is a 2012 family film	family film
who wrote the book theophilus north	theophilus north
what 's a 2005 romance film	romance film
what does 24697 rastrelli orbit ?	24697 rastrelli
where did og mandino die ?	og mandino
who developed the game bear bovver	bear bovver
which country is mads heldtberg from	mads heldtberg
where is françois baby house contained	françois baby house
what is wayne crawford notable for	wayne crawford
what films has abel gance edited	abel gance
what genre is between two worlds	between two worlds
what film did quentin tarantino direct	quentin tarantino
who inspired catwoman ( film )	catwoman
who is crystal kay 's parent	crystal kay
what kind of album is auftritt	auftritt
which license does bufo periglenes2 have	bufo periglenes2
what language is astro farm in	astro farm
what 's a book about recreation	recreation
name an episode of three sheets	three sheets
who is a famous african american	african american
what is a known public university	public university
what 's an album from ladytron	ladytron
what tv genre is fashion king	fashion king
what 's dan harris 's profession	dan harris
where in the world is wafangdian	wafangdian
where was elizabeth garrett anderson born	elizabeth garrett anderson
what kind of music is lobão	lobão
what film festival is recurring ?	film festival
what label is andy russell under	andy russell
what is donovan arp 's gender	donovan arp
what is ulrike mascher 's nationality	ulrike mascher
what medicine has menthol in it	menthol
what sort of movie is 12:01	12:01
where did patrick nash pass away	patrick nash
which record is part of kim	kim
what type of film is vandanam	vandanam
what county is reading in ?	reading
which country is alaina irizarry from	alaina irizarry
what nation is mazyar fallahi from	mazyar fallahi
is matt mitchell male or female	matt mitchell
what format was elodia released in	elodia
what album features the song cherry	cherry
what state is polaski located in	polaski
what language is spoken in jefftowne	jefftowne
which artist recorded o holy night	o holy night
what format is last exit in	last exit
who was born in tychy ?	tychy
is ruby day female or male	ruby day
who is the artist of tomorrow	tomorrow
what company is involved with mycosis	mycosis
what language is russian translation in	russian translation
what is m. prabhu known for	m. prabhu
which genre does hundredth play in	hundredth
what is contained in illinois ?	illinois
what genre in netflix is gia	gia
where did jacques-laurent agasse die ?	jacques-laurent agasse
who was influenced by lewis black	lewis black
what is rafael castanedo known for	rafael castanedo
which country was colourslide released in	colourslide
which state was arthel neville born	arthel neville
is david mackey male or female	david mackey
who is a rock music singer	rock music
what star system contains 25370 karenfletch	25370 karenfletch
which country is cantley based in	cantley
what is jake wade 's profession	jake wade
what 's inside the united states	united states
is robert mcminn male or female	robert mcminn
what language is shoestring in ?	shoestring
what city has the station kcyy	kcyy
what country is langston hughes from	langston hughes
what 's an artist on klth	klth
what genre is growing pains considered	growing pains
what foundation did julia hill create	julia hill
how can cerebral infarction be treated	cerebral infarction
where is the hendricks township located	hendricks township
whats an album by rod stewart	rod stewart
which record is part of drowning	drowning
whats the nationality of rudy carpenter	rudy carpenter
what instrument does john helliwell play	john helliwell
where is the susu language spoken	susu language
where was richard t. antoun born	richard t. antoun
what county is mysłakowo located in	mysłakowo
what is gerald o'brien 's gender	gerald o'brien
what gender is john muir ?	john muir
what is a short film ?	short film
which song is part of black	black
what language is the stranger in	the stranger
what biological sex is david danello	david danello
what religion does paul lepage practice	paul lepage
which country was lucio españa born	lucio españa
what films has scott hicks directed	scott hicks
which district locates vijainagar , ajmer	vijainagar , ajmer
who is son of tirimüjgan sultan	tirimüjgan sultan
what language is spoken in bojangles	bojangles
how did oodgeroo noonuccal die ?	oodgeroo noonuccal
which city did zilch originate from	zilch
what was secular saints about ?	secular saints
what artist recorded shanghai noon ?	shanghai noon
who is a well known curator	curator
what album is remember me from	remember me
which country is tom myers from	tom myers
where was leonard hayflick born ?	leonard hayflick
what kind of music is mastermind	mastermind
which short film won a bafta	short film
in what format does carriage play	carriage
whose music is in shade ?	shade
who was born in drammen ?	drammen
who is of japanese ethnicity ?	japanese
what religion does jimmy upton practice	jimmy upton
what album is by coolio ?	coolio
what is the occupation of supreme	supreme
name a pop music album .	pop music
what is randy daniels ethnicity ?	randy daniels
what is a electronic music album	electronic music
what kinds of music is waka/jawaka	waka/jawaka
what is a city within georgia	georgia
who authored the book perceiving god	perceiving god
who is the owner of wvxr	wvxr
which city is jonathan massaquoi from	jonathan massaquoi
which county is loma rica in	loma rica
which artist recorded yummy yummy ?	yummy yummy
what region was 1-800-new-funk released in	1-800-new-funk
what gender is madeleine peters ?	madeleine peters
who directed the tv episode birthmarks	birthmarks
what is copi 's gender ?	copi
who has influenced kurt godel ?	kurt godel
who was chamlong srimuang 's father	chamlong srimuang
how is roosevelt in africa classified	roosevelt in africa
what kind of magazine is adweek	adweek
where was kenneth cooper alexander born	kenneth cooper alexander
where can you find pyruvic acid	pyruvic acid
what is used to treat ergocalciferol	ergocalciferol
is dani osvaldo male or female	dani osvaldo
what is loose change about ?	loose change
where was julija gruodienė born ?	julija gruodienė
what county is in lima ?	lima
where is abby mann 's nationality	abby mann
what 's a cathedral for anglicanism	anglicanism
what country is rebelión from ?	rebelión
where was jon seda given birth	jon seda
where was sasha vujačić born	sasha vujačić
where was john miltern born	john miltern
which artist recorded srv shuffle	srv shuffle
where was fran drescher born	fran drescher
where is look from ?	look
what did sheldon breiner invent	sheldon breiner
who wrote gulliver 's travels	gulliver 's travels
what is i miss you	i miss you
what nationality is irwin pizor	irwin pizor
where was 8596 alchata discovered	8596 alchata
how did sandy denny die	sandy denny
which release was reading on	reading
what us state contains clyde	clyde
which country is lamont in	lamont
where is friedrich block ?	friedrich block
who wrote the composition soon	soon
what airport is near savonlinna	savonlinna
who was merari 's father	merari
what are documentary films ?	documentary
which publisher published battlecruiser 3000ad	battlecruiser 3000ad
who wrote vicious circle ?	vicious circle
what is a 8833 acer	8833 acer
what software did borland develop	borland
where is yoko kumada from	yoko kumada
what did timothy hackworth invent	timothy hackworth
which company published nascar 09	nascar 09
what gender is nadine njeim	nadine njeim
what purpose does mrap have	mrap
where was shlomo aronson born	shlomo aronson
what gender is randy sanders	randy sanders
what gender is mario o'hara	mario o'hara
where was clever katya written	clever katya
what counties are in texas	texas
tommy peoples plays what instrument	tommy peoples
where did claude jade die	claude jade
what was produced by cibelle	cibelle
where was alex herschlag born	alex herschlag
what is a cooking show	cooking show
what artist released manifesto ?	manifesto
who was born in texingtal	texingtal
which book is speculative fiction	speculative fiction
what album is post-rock ?	post-rock
what fight happened in dongola	dongola
what was live in marciac	live in marciac
name a professional voice actor	voice actor
who produced la vacilona ?	la vacilona
where is cumberland presbyterian church	cumberland presbyterian church
what is a drama film	drama film
what is lafayette avenue ?	lafayette avenue
who is floyd ritter ?	floyd ritter
what genre is ledbetter heights	ledbetter heights
which gender is fred hahn	fred hahn
how did indie film die	indie film
where did hans grässel die	hans grässel
where did ludwig stickelberger die	ludwig stickelberger
what ethnicity is derek mio	derek mio
where was mutaz kailouni bonr	mutaz kailouni
where is bourke located ?	bourke
where is palace located ?	palace
what tv program is supernatural	supernatural
what house is in pennsylvania	pennsylvania
which musician recorded another day	another day
where did frank thornton die	frank thornton
what horse breed is mummify	mummify
who created the character kibit	kibit
name a film producer .	film producer
who was born in aarhus	aarhus
what album is piano from	piano
what is a family program	family
who plays symphony no. 4	symphony no. 4
where is ensenada partido ?	ensenada partido
who is son of perictione	perictione
what county possesses glen echo	glen echo
who directed rocktober blood ?	rocktober blood
who produced the knife ?	the knife
what can ibuprofen prevent ?	ibuprofen
where was marco ambrosio born	marco ambrosio
who produced school for scoundrels	school for scoundrels
what country is kivik in	kivik
who was born in manila	manila
where did ernst schröder die	ernst schröder
what gender is daniel mauch	daniel mauch
name a famous record producer	record producer
who was born in oxford	oxford
who was born in walkden	walkden
who wrote the film jindabyne	jindabyne
what nationality is alfred neumann	alfred neumann
where was manslaughter filmed ?	manslaughter
name a heavy metal album	heavy metal
name a location in california	california
where is mullaitivu at ?	mullaitivu
where did aranmula ponnamma die	aranmula ponnamma
what state is ringgold in	ringgold
name a compilation album .	compilation album
where was birger maertens born	birger maertens
this album is indie rock	indie rock
where is patrick henry ?	patrick henry
who is a popular actor	actor
what is robinson cano ?	robinson cano
where did charlie tully die	charlie tully
where did johnny doyle die	johnny doyle
how did greg page die	greg page
what nationality is harvey lim	harvey lim
which gender is maciej wojdyla	maciej wojdyla
who directed drawing restraint 17	drawing restraint 17
which country is mateojordache. from	mateojordache.
what 's moritz cantor ethnicity	moritz cantor
what is a farce film	farce
what nationality is johan löfstedt	johan löfstedt
what is gymkata rated ?	gymkata
what genre is kapital ?	kapital
which country is clayton from	clayton
where is cantua creek located	cantua creek
what country contains castiglione olona	castiglione olona
where was jan wiley birthed	jan wiley
what album is cuba on	cuba
where was freddie jones born	freddie jones
what record label released tasty	tasty
where is moni scarpa from	moni scarpa
who was born in krasnodar	krasnodar
where was kurt weill born	kurt weill
where was forgotten gods released	forgotten gods
where is far west ?	far west
what is in bangladesh ?	bangladesh
what ethnicity is nelson algren	nelson algren
where was jake pratt born	jake pratt
where was ray storey born	ray storey
name a drama on netflix	drama
where is ray nagin from	ray nagin
where is mostafa chatrabgoon from	mostafa chatrabgoon
who developed scholastic animal genius	scholastic animal genius
what genre is the skin	the skin
where is bardstown junction ?	bardstown junction
name a film producer .	film producer
which musician produced psychedelic rock	psychedelic rock
who is meitner named after	meitner
who was born in ohio	ohio
who is a production designer	production designer
where did václav treitz die	václav treitz
who is charlise lundqvist father	charlise lundqvist
which release contains milk ?	milk
where was jo koy born	jo koy
where was irreligious released ?	irreligious
what does lidocaine treat ?	lidocaine
what artist recorded federation ?	federation
who influenced rené thury ?	rené thury
how was panic prevention released	panic prevention
who published theme park ?	theme park
name an espionage book .	espionage
who is a notable screenwriter	screenwriter
what state is taylorville in	taylorville
what film genre is mona	mona
what is a compilation album	album
who made the album montmartre	montmartre
who directed the film oscar	oscar
where is steve balboni from	steve balboni
which gender is jackie french	jackie french
where is red lane located	red lane
what conflict occurred in morocco	morocco
where was tom howe born	tom howe
where was marcelo garcia born	marcelo garcia
where is tooting bec located	tooting bec
who was born in deauville	deauville
who influenced ernest bloch ?	ernest bloch
what software genre is plex	plex
who created the character ringleader	ringleader
what gender is ernest adams	ernest adams
who makes adderall 5/5/5/5 tablet	adderall 5/5/5/5 tablet
whom did maj sjöwall influence	maj sjöwall
where is spoleto located ?	spoleto
where did karel plicka die	karel plicka
what album features aquamarine ?	aquamarine
who composed pieces of dreams	pieces of dreams
who died of meningitis ?	meningitis
who composed der page ?	der page
who is a noise artist	noise
which track is on politics	politics
what does 15673 chetaev orbit	15673 chetaev
where was ihor ozarkiv born	ihor ozarkiv
where did homer blankenship die	homer blankenship
name a professional screenwriter .	screenwriter
name a location within california	california
name a location in denmark	denmark
what is a drama film	drama film
whats lia orlandini 's gender	lia orlandini
who designed final fantasy xiii	final fantasy xiii
where was franck dumas born	franck dumas
which comedian influenced demetri martin	demetri martin
what album is brasilia on	brasilia
which country is bruzolo in	bruzolo
which track contains soft shapes	soft shapes
who developed the game vay	vay
what was zulu released on	zulu
who is brown sugar by	brown sugar
where is santa maria located	santa maria
which book is speculative fiction	speculative fiction
where did d-flame get started	d-flame
whats a fantasy literary book	fantasy
what is an animation company	animation
what book is science fiction	science fiction
where was marion caspers-merk born	marion caspers-merk
where was demetrious maxie born	demetrious maxie
what orbits the sun ?	the sun
who produced black gravity ?	black gravity
who is a rugby player	rugby player
what artist recorded freestyle ?	freestyle
where is branford marsalis from	branford marsalis
who wrote andrew jackson ?	andrew jackson
what is the dagbani language	dagbani language
which area does dinamalar circulate	dinamalar
steve hackett wrote this song	steve hackett
where was martin eisengrein birthed	martin eisengrein
name a football forward .	forward
where was peter cregeen born	peter cregeen
name a talk radio station	talk radio
where is benzocaine commonly found	benzocaine
what does 5276 gulkis orbit	5276 gulkis
which country contains barrier lake	barrier lake
where is herlong located ?	herlong
what format was numb released	numb
who produced saint judas ?	saint judas
where is marcelo carballo from	marcelo carballo
why did kermit champa die	kermit champa
what is a 1994 album	album
what is introducing nat adderley	introducing nat adderley
where is beardy waters located	beardy waters
where was frost/nixon performed at	frost/nixon
what profession was maria franck	maria franck
name a professional production designer	production designer
what platform is mercs ?	mercs
who composed to be forgiven	to be forgiven
who is a pornographic actor	pornographic actor
where was nikolay alexeyev born	nikolay alexeyev
how did george black die	george black
what gender is carlos pesquera	carlos pesquera
what are compilation albums ?	compilation
what is a post-hardcore album	post-hardcore
what was star released on	star
where was daniëlle harmsen born	daniëlle harmsen
where is vaguely noble from	vaguely noble
name a electronic music album	electronic music
what gender is riley novak	riley novak
what album contains blue-eyed soul	blue-eyed soul
what artist sings opera music	opera
who is moana directed by	moana
where was henry makinwa born	henry makinwa
who was born in chicago	chicago
where did dominique villars die	dominique villars
who wrote the song moonwalking	moonwalking
where was peter reichensperger birthed	peter reichensperger
where was jorge benitez birthed	jorge benitez
who made the piece bechhofen	bechhofen
what language does kajol speak	kajol
whose existence began in chicago	chicago
who sings martha graham ?	martha graham
who discovered 9165 raup ?	9165 raup
what genre is blood hook	blood hook
what gender is guy malary	guy malary
what ethnicity is orlando jordan	orlando jordan
who influenced thomas cooley ?	thomas cooley
where did philip beck die	philip beck
which station plays oldies ?	oldies
where is nunavik located in	nunavik
which country is sturry in	sturry
name a professional astronaut .	astronaut
where is john white from	john white
who 's a known pitcher	pitcher
who published the game ghostbusters	ghostbusters
who wrote wise child ?	wise child
what gender is ancilla tilia	ancilla tilia
what musician made pecos bill	pecos bill
what nationality is mamrie hart	mamrie hart
where did arthur phillip die	arthur phillip
where was hellmut krug born	hellmut krug
where was jorge grundman born	jorge grundman
name a book about philosophy	philosophy
where did akron originate from	akron
where is paki smith from	paki smith
what sex is roger longrigg	roger longrigg
what lyrics did bono write	bono
who wrote the film zaza	zaza
where was hitoshi ohne born	hitoshi ohne
where was mark shuttleworth born	mark shuttleworth
whats jodie foster 's ethnicity	jodie foster
what sex is canadian bound	canadian bound
what gender is anita peabody	anita peabody
what drug does sandoz make	sandoz
what state is rockdale in	rockdale
what book focuses on literary	literary
what genre is volym 3	volym 3
which artist recorded tempest ?	tempest
what was friedrich hielscher professionally	friedrich hielscher
what are books about geography	geography
who released count on me	count on me
who is an argentinian midfielder	midfielder
which book is about philosophy	philosophy
what does dunia ayaso do	dunia ayaso
what gender is clarence thomas	clarence thomas
who composed zoraida di granata	zoraida di granata
where is woody shaw based	woody shaw
where was nick ramus born	nick ramus
where did marian waldman die	marian waldman
what is the tau virginis	tau virginis
who founded sunbeam car company	sunbeam
where is isabel allende from	isabel allende
name a track by autechre	autechre
who was born in plainview	plainview
where did jerry haynes die	jerry haynes
who is mexico by ?	mexico
where was ruta lee born	ruta lee
name a horse trainer .	horse trainer
where was charles vanel born	charles vanel
what position does quinn play	quinn
who developed ncaa football 07	ncaa football 07
where was sami michael born	sami michael
where is dragoș moștenescu born	dragoș moștenescu
what locations are in wisconsin	wisconsin
where is mirante located ?	mirante
where did ruth baldor die	ruth baldor
name a professional cinematographer .	cinematographer
which game did aspect develop	aspect
where does ekseption originate from	ekseption
what track is from steinbrüchel	steinbrüchel
alraune is in what language	alraune
which country was mulligan in	mulligan
where was francisco marán born	francisco marán
which religion does bimbisara practice	bimbisara
what stations play bon jovi	bon jovi
what exactly is camp forrest	camp forrest
who designed pokémon platinum ?	pokémon platinum
where was rogers cable founded	rogers cable
name a 1936 epic film	epic film
who is a funk artist	funk
where did rené-jean jacquet die	rené-jean jacquet
where was phoenix filmed ?	phoenix
where is mungrisdale common located	mungrisdale common
where was maryam mursal born	maryam mursal
how was the greenhornes released	the greenhornes
which artist sang tokyo ?	tokyo
where is tioga located ?	tioga
what is a song ?	song
name an animation film .	animation
which maker contains chrysler aspen	chrysler aspen
who recorded the album bobby	bobby
what is nelly arcan gender	nelly arcan
who produced down to earth	down to earth
where is comilla university found	comilla university
name someone born in syria	syria
what did judith leyster create	judith leyster
what is hydrocortisone 1.667 enema	hydrocortisone 1.667 enema
who directed the movie naanal	naanal
where is well-fm broadcasted ?	well-fm
what is lena burke from	lena burke
which city was ralphs founded	ralphs
who composed time is time	time is time
what is a compilation album	compilation album
what neighborhood is in portland	portland
name vasan sitthiket 's gender	vasan sitthiket
what band recorded common struggles	common struggles
what artist recorded catching feelings	catching feelings
what music genre is rattlesnakes	rattlesnakes
who produced channel 7 ?	channel 7
where is mister flow from	mister flow
what did fred fisher compose	fred fisher
what religion is frank gehry	frank gehry
what brass band recorded tomorrow	tomorrow
which organization creates owen cauldwell	owen cauldwell
where is yu~ki from ?	yu~ki
where is mendota located ?	mendota
which gender is justin roland	justin roland
what is a mythology book	mythology
what book deals with ethics	ethics
what asteroid orbits the sun	the sun
who was born in trieste	trieste
who comes from agnelli family	agnelli family
what was computer written as	computer
where was mariselle morales born	mariselle morales
where was aissata toure born	aissata toure
where was ed scogin born	ed scogin
who was born in istanbul	istanbul
whats a known suspense book	suspense
sandra klösel is what nationality	sandra klösel
where is yobe state located	yobe state
how did sally douglas die	sally douglas
who wrote the natural mind	the natural mind
where is andrey boreyko from	andrey boreyko
where was krzysztof penderecki born	krzysztof penderecki
where was derek neame born	derek neame
where did gustav fritsch die	gustav fritsch
what gender is väinö myllyrinne	väinö myllyrinne
what is robert palmer profession	robert palmer
who recorded o holy night	o holy night
name an airport in india	india
which artist recorded cars ?	cars
name an animation film .	animation
what songs has grooverider created	grooverider
what state is springfield in	springfield
where is 5881 akashi found	5881 akashi
where did norman phelps die	norman phelps
don simpson produced what film	don simpson
where was daquan barnes born	daquan barnes
what county is harney in	harney
where is smith county located	smith county
where is our relations from	our relations
name a book about scientology	scientology
name a film director .	film director
which group released nuclear blast	nuclear blast
what gender is mary turzillo	mary turzillo
where is kudai from ?	kudai
what gender is tracy wright	tracy wright
what language is in gerry	gerry
name a film producer .	film producer
how was juice ii released	juice ii
what are experimental rock albums	experimental rock
what is estradiol 1 tablet	estradiol 1 tablet
which license does shiredrafthorse hold	shiredrafthorse
where was nathalie love born	nathalie love
which release was lemon on	lemon
name a voice actor .	voice actor
who makes dance music ?	dance music
where did robert paterson die	robert paterson
where was charlotte polizzi born	charlotte polizzi
who produced rock odyssey ?	rock odyssey
where is jordin sparks from	jordin sparks
what gender is amnaat luukjan	amnaat luukjan
where is john becker from	john becker
where was konrad raiser born	konrad raiser
where was david thompson born	david thompson
where would you find passaic	passaic
what language do israelis speak	israelis
what did david aldridge write	david aldridge
where was junaid khan born	junaid khan
what artist created mixed media	mixed media
where was joseph griffo born	joseph griffo
what artist sings opera ?	opera
what country owns wise quacks	wise quacks
what is a composition song	song
what is a 1977 album	album
what race is ali macgraw	ali macgraw
who played rugby union ?	rugby union
which artist recorded vanity ?	vanity
which company produced traitor ?	traitor
what genre is ultimate kylie	ultimate kylie
what gender is mandy smith	mandy smith
who recorded little red rooster	little red rooster
who was born in greiz	greiz
where was théodore botrel born	théodore botrel
where is rowena ravenclaw from	rowena ravenclaw
where is varhadi-nagpuri language spoken	varhadi-nagpuri language
which artist recorded hard times	hard times
where was ataxia released ?	ataxia
what locations are in sweden	sweden
who influenced edwy searles brooks	edwy searles brooks
what nationality is james deahl	james deahl
name a war film .	war film
which artist recorded summerwine ?	summerwine
who founded the achimota school	achimota school
who wrote his last bow	his last bow
where is hollywood located ?	hollywood
what games did namco develop	namco
where is dovima from ?	dovima
where was christian backs born	christian backs
what musician played heavy metal	heavy metal
who influenced syd barrett ?	syd barrett
what movie is short film	short film
where was nada fiorelli born	nada fiorelli
what gender is misako yasuda	misako yasuda
which musician plays punk rock	punk rock
name a professional historian .	historian
what is david oshinsky ?	david oshinsky
which artist released superstar ?	superstar
who was a football midfielder	midfielder
what are some musical films	musical
where did kaliram medhi die	kaliram medhi
where is jean piaget buried	jean piaget
what language is 2033 in	2033
who wrote mother india ?	mother india
where is lucybell originally from	lucybell
which gender is sandro silvestri	sandro silvestri
which song is string quartet	string quartet
what country is dettinger from	dettinger
how did sheree north die	sheree north
what nationality is stephanie au	stephanie au
which country was fissure filmed	fissure
where did vincent adler die	vincent adler
who was born in karaj	karaj
where was el medico born	el medico
what profession is elijah mudenda	elijah mudenda
where did raul davila die	raul davila
which artist recorded africa ?	africa
how did ruth hall die	ruth hall
where was dawn mcmillan born	dawn mcmillan
who is justin simmons ?	justin simmons
who created the character blackfire	blackfire
what gender is thomas neville	thomas neville
who did jules verne influence	jules verne
who is katsura hoshino ?	katsura hoshino
who recorded railway hotel ?	railway hotel
which artist recorded earth ?	earth
who wrote the song crucifixion	crucifixion
what is vernon washington nationality	vernon washington
which artist created premonición ?	premonición
what has emilio estefan written	emilio estefan
where was wisdom agblexo born	wisdom agblexo
where was roberto schmidt born	roberto schmidt
who played piano in brazil	piano
which area does kdge serve	kdge
who composed fool 's paradise	fool 's paradise
who produced squeeze play !	squeeze play !
who recorded the song storm	storm
name a bollywood action film	action film
what language is penelope in	penelope
where is mike corbett from	mike corbett
what gender is brian harley	brian harley
name a netflix adventure film	adventure film
what character is female ?	female
what albums are hard rock	hard rock
what is stretch 's gender	stretch
where was jacques erwin born	jacques erwin
where was american gypsy published	american gypsy
what country was float released	float
what was released by gold	gold
who authored the new being	the new being
where was vladislav zlatinov born	vladislav zlatinov
what nationality is jack collard	jack collard
what is a action/adventure film	action/adventure
name a male film director	film director
who wrote down to earth	down to earth
who is les schwab ?	les schwab
who is a professional actor	actor
what here is lombardy ?	lombardy
who is a ska artist	ska
who directed armour of god	armour of god
who was born in nigeria	nigeria
what song has flea written	flea
which county is alpine in	alpine
which artist recorded miami ?	miami
who played the violin ?	violin
what country is lovers from	lovers
what county is groveport in	groveport
where is massena located in	massena
where was isamu kosugi born	isamu kosugi
what person produced happy end	happy end
what did junior félix do	junior félix
what gender is constantinos christoforou	constantinos christoforou
name a place in michigan	michigan
what gender is dan georgakas	dan georgakas
which gender is jim aparo	jim aparo
where was dhanush born ?	dhanush
where was bill burrud born	bill burrud
where is neamț county located	neamț county
where did dorothy gale live	dorothy gale
where did lászló csákányi die	lászló csákányi
name someone born in coventry	coventry
who was lisandro duque naranjo	lisandro duque naranjo
where was 6870 pauldavies discovered	6870 pauldavies
how did elizabeth patterson die	elizabeth patterson
where was andrew higgins born	andrew higgins
what is an album name	album
name a 1999 compilation album	compilation album
what gender is bacchelli ?	bacchelli
what gender is lexie grey	lexie grey
what are gothic rock albums	gothic rock
where was nathan jawai born	nathan jawai
which artist recorded freestyle ?	freestyle
where was chocoball mukai born	chocoball mukai
where did hercules bellville die	hercules bellville
where was shigeko higashikuni born	shigeko higashikuni
name a punk rock artist	punk rock
which gender is robert weil	robert weil
who is a professional drummer	drummer
what country contains fairwood hills	fairwood hills
what gender is cezar moraes	cezar moraes
which country was beginnings released	beginnings
who was born in bleiburg	bleiburg
who developed fifa soccer 2004	fifa soccer 2004
what genre is dear prudence	dear prudence
which artist recorded peanut butter	peanut butter
where was howard mcnair born	howard mcnair
what nationality is neville southall	neville southall
where was niko lozančić born	niko lozančić
name a modern art artist	modern art
which religion does inalchuq practice	inalchuq
name a drama film .	drama film
which artist recorded suicide ?	suicide
name a film director .	film director
name a character from asterix	asterix
where is aliwaa newspaper headquartered	aliwaa newspaper
where is creighton located ?	creighton
what album is funk ?	funk
what genre is raghunath seth	raghunath seth
what state is ticktown in	ticktown
where is grand junction ?	grand junction
what ethnicity is clifford gibson	clifford gibson
what is cholesterol used in	cholesterol
what is a family film	family film
what country is highball from	highball
what is a drama movie	drama
what religion does yakushi-ji serve	yakushi-ji
where is maplewood located ?	maplewood
where was emily cutter born	emily cutter
what album contains indie rock	indie rock
where was gilles-marie oppenordt born	gilles-marie oppenordt
what book is foaly in	foaly
name a family film .	family film
who designed the sea witch	sea witch
what nationality is linda shayne	linda shayne
what company owns grocery store	grocery store
where is cedar haven located	cedar haven
where is hadlock field located	hadlock field
which artist recorded telephone ?	telephone
where can you find oxford	oxford
how was swedish schnapps released	swedish schnapps
what condition may prevent basiliximab	basiliximab
what causes a car accident	car accident
where is university hall located	university hall
what power does modok have	modok
name a experimental music album	experimental music
which artist recorded cherry ?	cherry
what format is cold in	cold
where is kettle falls ?	kettle falls
how was bright red released	bright red
what was released in 1984	1984
which games is action game	action game
what release is on gladiator	gladiator
where was liam kelly born	liam kelly
name a university in lexington	lexington
where is jeff russo from	jeff russo
what musician recorded wonder woman	wonder woman
what artist recorded joshua ?	joshua
what are chicago public schools	chicago public schools
who wrote breaking strain ?	breaking strain
what is alternative cancer treatments	alternative cancer treatments
what is mario cavalli ?	mario cavalli
what film is about war	war
where was chris lazzaro born	chris lazzaro
name an album from helmet	helmet
name a indie rock artist	indie rock
name a family film .	family film
where was vamp released first	vamp
where did myra hampton die	myra hampton
where did richie havens die	richie havens
where is keeler located ?	keeler
what tv program is fantasy	fantasy
what player plays goalkeeper ?	goalkeeper
where was vicky beeching born	vicky beeching
where did ethel scull die	ethel scull
which album is star from	star
where did ivan govar die	ivan govar
what is an animation film	animation
what is the busa language	busa language
what is a documentary film	documentary film
where is necrophagia from ?	necrophagia
where was charles momsen buried	charles momsen
name an indie rock album	indie rock
name an italian soccer midfielder	midfielder
who wrote the grass crown	the grass crown
where was ingrid washinawatok murdered	ingrid washinawatok
where is normandy shores located	normandy shores
where was vered feldman born	vered feldman
what is star india ?	star india
which artist recorded buenos aires	buenos aires
where was péter kornai born	péter kornai
what is symphogear program about	symphogear
what format is softcore jukebox	softcore jukebox
hatzerim is within was area	hatzerim
which artist recorded organ concertos	organ concertos
which position was ismael valdez	ismael valdez
what gender is kevin carlson	kevin carlson
from what cuisine is carbonara	carbonara
where is salgaocar f.c. based	salgaocar f.c.
what anime series is macross	macross
what gender is daniel rogers	daniel rogers
where was pandulf masca born	pandulf masca
who composed only got one	only got one
who on earth directed texas	texas
philip glass founded this organization	philip glass
who does the song mexico	mexico
which country is matagami in	matagami
what wrote visions of politics	visions of politics
what is 82 classified as	82
who produced the film parinda	parinda
what rock band recorded arizona	arizona
spacemen 3 created what track	spacemen 3
name a radisson hotels hotel	radisson hotels
who was david gemmell influence	david gemmell
what country is riofreddo in	riofreddo
what surgeon influenced william paley	william paley
what gender is henry hicks	henry hicks
what company developed zork iii	zork iii
which artist creates emo music	emo
which city contains tierpark hagenbeck	tierpark hagenbeck
where was bente messmann born	bente messmann
name a college in mumbai	mumbai
where did otto nückel die	otto nückel
who wrote the letters ?	the letters
what genre includes paisley underground	paisley underground
who directed the movie thumbsucker	thumbsucker
what band wrote steve jablonsky	steve jablonsky
which artist recorded graduated fool	graduated fool
what artist recorded radiation ?	radiation
what is hd 218155 ?	hd 218155
what cities are in lazio	lazio
what drug class is ibuprofen	ibuprofen
what city is deslatte in	deslatte
what ethnicity is bruno walter	bruno walter
what is in new jersey	new jersey
where is cedar spring located	cedar spring
where was akhmed avdorkhanov born	akhmed avdorkhanov
graham beckel was born where	graham beckel
what genre is outward bound	outward bound
what is get it together	get it together
where is nathaniel silsbee from	nathaniel silsbee
name a documentary film .	documentary film
who was born in chełmno	chełmno
who is a goalkeeper ?	goalkeeper
whom did gunter grass influence	gunter grass
what book is from california	california
where did wojciech kilar die	wojciech kilar
louis armstrong wrote what track	louis armstrong
where did dillinja come from	dillinja
which form is griseofulvin taken	griseofulvin
where is hans segers from	hans segers
who produced the movie sonny	sonny
where is mars located ?	mars
which company published super scribblenauts	super scribblenauts
who created the character futurist	futurist
where was david steinberg born	david steinberg
what is an animation program	animation
where is gillian elisa from	gillian elisa
where was michaël polomat born	michaël polomat
where is aerial acres ?	aerial acres
who created the character varnae	varnae
what 's a jazz album	album
where was dorinda hafner born	dorinda hafner
were is cerro located ?	cerro
where was david daker born	david daker
what does phil bogle play	phil bogle
name a film producer .	film producer
who influenced charles babbage ?	charles babbage
which artist released monkism ?	monkism
what is k-9 looney tune	k-9 looney tune
name a 2005 musical film	musical
who is a notable pitcher	pitcher
what is iota crucis ?	iota crucis
name a location in india	india
what gender is adam wilson	adam wilson
where was munroe released ?	munroe
where was rod beck born	rod beck
what genre is aria ?	aria
where was gordon lowe born	gordon lowe
where was rolf skoglund born	rolf skoglund
which tv program is sitcom	sitcom
where are tumalo falls located	tumalo falls
where is loudonville located ?	loudonville
name an electroclash album .	electroclash
which country released total recall	total recall
where was joseph whitehead born	joseph whitehead
what is an album title	album
what label released popaganda ?	popaganda
which country locates belle arbor	belle arbor
where is columbus quarter located	columbus quarter
where was samy vellu born	samy vellu
what artist influenced vale ?	vale
what country is huron within	huron
what nation made the boogeyman	the boogeyman
who was born in elberton	elberton
who produced the last command	the last command
who published run like hell	run like hell
where did antonio lolli die	antonio lolli
who did gary owens influence	gary owens
where was john meares born	john meares
what newspaper circulates around tomball	tomball
what is star song of	star
who was from connecticut ?	connecticut
how was die flippers released	die flippers
name a notable short film	short film
where is alexander lokshin from	alexander lokshin
what book is about death	death
who produced kill the poor	kill the poor
who was born in austria	austria
what gender is dan moore	dan moore
name a general hospital .	general hospital
wher is tally ho	tally ho
who directed robin hood	robin hood
what is 9297 marchuk	9297 marchuk
where is dairy located	dairy
where was empedocles born	empedocles
what artist recorded venus	venus
what genre is damaged	damaged
who recorded jungle fever	jungle fever
name a politician .	politician
what is 6923 borzacchini	6923 borzacchini
what does kvtt broadcast	kvtt
where does ilonggos live	ilonggos
which county produced april	april
what region released trilogy	trilogy
what is lake mohave	lake mohave
where was single-mindedly made	single-mindedly
what release features obvious	obvious
name a compilation album	compilation album
who is bernardino baldi	bernardino baldi
who composed good night	good night
who wrote the poisoners	the poisoners
what causes meningitis ?	meningitis
who manufactured apollo 8	apollo 8
who died from hyperthermia	hyperthermia
what sex is gabriella	gabriella
where is ranzo ?	ranzo
where is polkville ?	polkville
name an album .	album
name a reggae artist	reggae
who influenced ben green	ben green
who recorded hoodlum ?	hoodlum
name a film drama	drama
name an actor .	actor
what is in canton	canton
what cyclone affeted honduras	honduras
how was islands released	islands
which group recorded night	night
how was yaarana distributed	yaarana
what is bluey ?	bluey
what is kitsuné tabloid	kitsuné tabloid
name an adventure book	adventure
who created elijah snow	elijah snow
what is barela ?	barela
where is placanica contained	placanica
where was wfmt founded	wfmt
where is punjaipuliampatti located	punjaipuliampatti
where is sljeme located	sljeme
which country locates hayashima	hayashima
which gender is kayla	kayla
what cyclone hit bangladesh	bangladesh
name a cinematographer .	cinematographer
name a musician .	musician
where is zongophu kang	zongophu kang
name an asteroid .	asteroid
name a documentary film	documentary film
where is maryville ?	maryville
which game is quiz	quiz
what is clyde haberman	clyde haberman
what causes sinusitis ?	sinusitis
who is danai udomchoke	danai udomchoke
what religion is inishmacsaint	inishmacsaint
name a mathematician .	mathematician
who is shuichi shindou	shuichi shindou
which movie is comedy-drama	comedy-drama
name a poet .	poet
name a musician .	musician
which artist recorded poison	poison
who recorded ethics ?	ethics
what person follows veganism	veganism
name a barbie product	barbie
who directed violent saturday	violent saturday
what genre is asambhav	asambhav
what is 9539 prishvin	9539 prishvin
which country locates hendrysburg	hendrysburg
name a football forward	forward
name a goalkeeper .	goalkeeper
who is a midfielder	midfielder
who sang twilight ?	twilight
who recorded hard times	hard times
what does dextroamphetamine cause	dextroamphetamine
who recorded remember me	remember me
name a screenwriter .	screenwriter
what does wpxi broadcast	wpxi
which musician recorded jesus	jesus
who is robert wilson	robert wilson
what genre is city	city
name a famous screenwriter	screenwriter
name a midfielder .	midfielder
what format is 2001	2001
what genre is torso	torso
who created zombie ?	zombie
who plays nu metal	nu metal
who is cleve jones	cleve jones
who discovered 5082 nihonsyoki	5082 nihonsyoki
name a art critic	art critic
who wrote oliver wiswell	oliver wiswell
which group recorded gish	gish
name a male screenwriter	screenwriter
what is cambridge ?	cambridge
which country locates djibouti	djibouti
what book is suspense	suspense
name an actor .	actor
name a pianist .	pianist
who is ned buntline	ned buntline
what is pastrami ?	pastrami
where was phoenix published	phoenix
name a 2009 soundtrack	soundtrack
what drug contains gentamicin	gentamicin
who is an actor	actor
which artist recorded undecided	undecided
name a documentary film	documentary film
where is laurel located	laurel
name an album released	album
name an actor .	actor
who is rick mcnair	rick mcnair
which artist recorded nineveh	nineveh
what is gamma cassiopeiae	gamma cassiopeiae
what is urban fantasy	urban fantasy
name an active website	active
where is langesund ?	langesund
where is cloughjordan located	cloughjordan
who developed autoduel ?	autoduel
how was s.r.v. released	s.r.v.
where is augustus found	augustus
where was utrecht released	utrecht
who has played goalkeeper	goalkeeper
who is george ungar	george ungar
who created vavavoom ?	vavavoom
who published bubble bobble	bubble bobble
what genre is nidhanaya	nidhanaya
name a compilation album	compilation album
what county includes fenner	fenner
who inspired adam mickiewicz	adam mickiewicz
name a lawyer .	lawyer
where is five forks	five forks
where is bowman lake	bowman lake
name a drama .	drama
what is victoria ?	victoria
name a film director	film director
which chapter indicates smallville	smallville
who is charlie mariano	charlie mariano
who directed dam street	dam street
which country released christabel	christabel
who wrote the master	the master
who produced hamlet 2	hamlet 2
who is garrett olson	garrett olson
which musician recorded philadelphia	philadelphia
name a compilation album	compilation album
where is fresh pond	fresh pond
which city released kkwk	kkwk
who recorded arkansas ?	arkansas
which country released kasmodiah	kasmodiah
who created chuck dixon	chuck dixon
who signed ray charles	ray charles
what is 25765 heatherlynne	25765 heatherlynne
what does wnyc produce	wnyc
which country locates clark	clark
where was psy-fi released	psy-fi
what orbits the sun	the sun
who developed messenger mobile	messenger mobile
who published dr. muto	dr. muto
who is alex manninger	alex manninger
who recorded heartbeat ?	heartbeat
who recorded swimming ?	swimming
where is south florence	south florence
who developed kororinpa ?	kororinpa
who is eryn bulmer	eryn bulmer
name an indie album	indie
name a country artist	country
what killed alfred hayes	alfred hayes
what is altitude sickness	altitude sickness
who makes doom metal	doom metal
what county includes jonesburg	jonesburg
name a catholic school	catholic school
who composed dark horse	dark horse
name an album .	album
which country locates vienna	vienna
who developed albert odyssey	albert odyssey
name a community school	community school
what is robert frost	robert frost
which movie is drama	drama
name a musician .	musician
name a concert film	concert film
who created william birkin	william birkin
name a mystery book	mystery
what university sponsored lc	lc
name a singer .	singer
name a record producer	record producer
who created the silmaril	silmaril
what is homo ergaster	homo ergaster
who released marathon infinity	marathon infinity
name a costume designer	costume designer
how was argus released	argus
which artist recorded triangle	triangle
who plays keyboard ?	keyboard
which company published guts	guts
what art is futurism	futurism
name a television producer	television producer
where is sulfur located	sulfur
where is labouchere bay	labouchere bay
who produced without limits	without limits
what gender is aquaman	aquaman
who manufactured next computer	next computer
which album contains untouchables	untouchables
who authored chita ?	chita
name a liquid drug	liquid
who composed blue water	blue water
what is linda västrik	linda västrik
name a drama film	drama film
which artist recorded karma	karma
name a drama film	drama film
name a country album	country
who is english people	english people
where did constantina decease	constantina
where is tehama located	tehama
where is yancheng located	yancheng
which artist recorded energy	energy
who published sonic advance	sonic advance
which country locates zone	zone
which country contains oldenburg	oldenburg
name a cinematographer .	cinematographer
where was tribalicious released	tribalicious
what group has iejima	iejima
what release includes europa	europa
name a military regiment	regiment
what is acid pro	acid pro
which musician recorded red	red
what artist recorded red	red
which book is adventure	adventure
where is massacre from	massacre
where is fontan located	fontan
who composed believe ?	believe
name a film director	film director
which program contains sts-125	sts-125
who produced the elements	the elements
which nation filmed violet	violet
where is saalfeld-rudolstadt located	saalfeld-rudolstadt
what infection involves diarrhea	diarrhea
who is a defender	defender
who is hakan toker	hakan toker
what is restless heart	restless heart
which city contains quicksand	quicksand
name a screenwriter .	screenwriter
who created listen now	listen now
who recorded zillionaire ?	zillionaire
which musician created nightmare	nightmare
who is germán rivera	germán rivera
who produced angel puss	angel puss
what causes marasmus ?	marasmus
who did bronzino influence	bronzino
where is argosy university-dallas	argosy university-dallas
who recorded hard times	hard times
where was harold theobald	harold theobald
name an economist .	economist
who is baby bash	baby bash
who is film producer	film producer
what is in oregon	oregon
how was damage released	damage
what is terrible trio	terrible trio
where is fingringhoe located	fingringhoe
name a war film	war film
where was substance released	substance
where is nicholia ?	nicholia
who produced backstage ?	backstage
who developed cryengine 3	cryengine 3
who did the opera	opera
where is logtown ?	logtown
what was unpleasantville rated	unpleasantville
where is waterloo located	waterloo
who developed outnumbered !	outnumbered !
who published rama	rama
what is svaneti	svaneti
who is singer-songwriter	singer-songwriter
who directed raffles	raffles
what was eclipse	eclipse
what is lawyer	lawyer
name a botanist	botanist
who recorded september	september
name a song	song
who wrote vision	vision
name a musician	musician
name a poet	poet
name an album	album
who founded synopsys	synopsys
who produced 4bia	4bia
who developed stonekeep	stonekeep
what is ethics	ethics
what is debye	debye
who played defender	defender
what is vouliagmeni	vouliagmeni
what is wgbh	wgbh
where is chesterfield	chesterfield
name a screenwriter	screenwriter
who published chthon	chthon
list an asteroid	asteroid
where is meerlo-wanssum	meerlo-wanssum
name an actor	actor
name a cinematographer	cinematographer
who recorded pilot	pilot
who directed dumbo	dumbo
what is hooked	hooked
name a single	single
who created magpakailanman	magpakailanman
what surrounds astatula	astatula
what is sailor	sailor
whereis nirsa located	nirsa
name a novel	novel
what is timeless	timeless
what is woolmer	woolmer
who plays photography	photography
where is brandenberg	brandenberg
who influenced soundgarden	soundgarden
what is sweden	sweden
who produced westworld	westworld
who released belfast	belfast
name a asteroid	asteroid
what is flock	flock
what is eni	eni
who created switzerland	switzerland
what is latin	latin
who invented planetarium	planetarium
who plays midfielder	midfielder
name an actor	actor
who produced monster-in-law	monster-in-law
who recorded fever	fever
what was osthe	osthe
who plays dub	dub
who composed september	september
who created deadlines	deadlines
name an inventor	inventor
where is castricum	castricum
who directed boccaccio	boccaccio
name a screenwriter	screenwriter
who produced lumo	lumo
what is gothika	gothika
what is amos	amos
what is salami	salami
what is georgia	georgia
where is connacht	connacht
what is turkey	turkey
name an actor	actor
who plays centerman	centerman
name a cinematographer	cinematographer
what is blossom	blossom
who sings eye97	eye97
